Hi everyone,

I'd like to announce my candidacy for PTL of the Quality Assurance
team for the Newton release cycle. I have joined into the OpenStack
community since 2012 as a developer, and you can see my activities on
the following metric:

 * Review: http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&user_id=oomichi&metric=marks
 * Commit: http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&user_id=oomichi&metric=commits

I have concentrated on solving bugs on both QA and Nova sides in long
term, my contribution has created Nova V2.1 API as a result. The API
is necessary to solve both API inconsistencies and wrong behaviors of
the existing API without clients' pain. Now many projects start to use
its mechanism (API microversions) for solving these own issues.
In Mitaka cycle, we have implemented the testing framework for the API
microversions in Tempest to be used in all projects. The fact is my
pleasure because we can work together to solve the same issues between
whole OpenStack projects. That is a strong point of our OpenStack
community.

In Newton cycle, I'd like to finish service client development which
makes it easy to implement Tempest-like tests for non-core projects.
That will be helpful for OpenStack big-tent. We have already implemented
many clients as stable interfaces, but some clients still remain.
I believe we can finish that with folks in the cycle. On the other hand,
tempest-resources feature also is one of that I want to concentrate on
in the cycle. That will make Tempest easier to be used on production
environments. If implementing it, we can involve more users in our
upstream development and debugging. One more thing is OpenStack health
dashboard, that attracts people to QA project. We can see current test
situation easily from the dashboard. The dashboard is already great, but
there are still several ideas for improving. I want to see the improved
one in the cycle.

I don't want to enforce something on folks. The door of QA project
should be always open as previous PTLs did. New ideas are welcome for
improving test coverage and easy debugging, this is open source project.

I am glad that this chance is given to all developers, this community
is really open. Regardless of the election result, I will do my best
in this project.

Thanks
Ken'ichi Ohmichi
