Greeting,

I'd like to announce my candidacy for the Zaqar PTL in Mikata.

I've been working on and contributing to Zaqar since Icehouse release as a core
developer. That said, I really understand the ups and downs which Zaqar went
through and I know the blueprints, direction and pains of this project.

For Mikata release, there are some items that I feel are important for
us to focus on:

1. Collaboration with other OpenStack projects
   We did a great job in Liberty for the integration of Heat and Zaqar. And I
believe there are some other projects could be benefited by Zaqar. For
example, the notification middleware of Swift, Zaqar's websocket transport for
Horizon, communicating with guests agents via Zaqar for Sahara/Trove, etc.

2. Real-world deployment
   puppet-zaqar is on the way. It could be an great deployment tool for
operator who want to deploy Zaqar. So in next release, we will continually
provide more support for the project to get a stable release ASAP. Interlock
and provide more support for potential cloud providers who have shown interest
for Zaqar.

3. API improvement
   We have released three API versions. The API of key functions are more and
more stable. But given the bug fix and new features, it's time to review the
overall API of v2 to make it more stable.

4. Encourage diversity in our Community
   We're still a small team and obviously we need more new blood to join the
team. And meanwhile, we would like to see the new comers from different
organizations so that we can get different feedback from a wide range of users
and industries. Not only developers, but also reviewers and operators.

It's a fantastic experience working with this amazing team and I know without
the dedication and hard work of everyone who has contributed to Zaqar we can't
make those success stories of Liberty happen. So the PTL of this smart team is
most like a facilitator, coordinator and mentor. I would be pleased to serve
as PTL for Zaqar for the Mikata cycle and I'd appreciate your vote.

Thanks for your consideration!
