Hello Team,

It's a big honor for me be a part of the our Cinder community and I do my best
to make Cinder better. That's why I'm I'm announcing my candidacy for
Cinder PTL for the Mitaka release. That doesn't mean that I'm working at half
strength now. It means that I would like to give as much benefits to Cinder and
OpenStack as I can.

We as cinder community did great job to have Rolling Upgrades landed in Mitaka.
It's really cool. We introduced new Replication v2.1 version in the middle of
cycle but we've already got few drivers which implemented it. API microversions
are also very useful thing. It allows us to change our API faster and do not
break any existing API user. We started work on Active/Active HA for
cinder-volume process. I really hope that we'll have this feature implemented
in the next release.


As PTL I would like to bring more attention to the following areas during
Newton release cycle. These things are important not only for Cinder community
but for any Cinder users and other OpenStack projects too.


* Cinde quality and stability. I don't say that Cinder is not stable enough. I
  mean that it would be great if we'll improve our test coverage and testing
  strategy including 3-rd party CI. See my mail in openstack-dev mailing list
  for details [1].

* We've got a lot of technical debt and Newton could be a good time to fix it:
  finish started features like A/A HA, get more Replication v2.1
  implementations from vendors, fix architectural issues which do not allow us
  to implement new features faster, fix Cinder-Nova related issues.

* Make Cinder viable as a stand-alone volume manager. It means, Cinder will
  work without Nova and you'll be available to attach volumes to any host. We
  finished first part of this task in Mitaka, now we have to continue work on
  it.

* Ironic integration: We talk with Ironic team about it for several last
  summits. I started work on attach feature in scope of 'Cinder Without Nova'
  initiative. Full integration with Ironic is very important for every Cinder
  and Ironic user. Let's do it.


Last but not least, I do understand that being PTL is full-time job which will
require a lot of communications in a different time-zones. I'd like to say,
I'm ready for it.

[1] http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-March/088034.html

Thank you,
Ivan Kolodyazhny (e0ne)


