Hi,

I would like to announce my candidacy for the PTL position of Solum for Mitaka.

In my view the challenges in front of us are twofold, which I have outlined below.
I believe that I will be able to help us take concrete steps
towards addressing these challenges in this cycle.

Our first challenge is to continue developing and evolving Solum's feature set
so that the project becomes a valuable option for operators to offer
it in their OpenStack installations.
Particularly, in my opinion, following features need to be completed in this regard:

(a) Consistency between API and CLI:
    Currently Solum API and CLI have slightly different abstractions preventing
    consistency of usage when using CLI vs. directly using the REST API.
    We have started working on changing this[1], which needs to be completed.

(b) Ability to scale application instances:
    For this, we need to investigate how we can use Magnum for satisfying
    Solum's application-instance scaling and scheduling requirements.

(c) Insight into application building and deployment process:
    This includes, collecting fine-grained logs in various Solum services,
    ability to correlate logs across Solum services,
    collecting and maintaining historical information about user actions
    to build and deploy applications on Solum.

(d) Ability to build and deploy multi-tier applications:
    One idea here is to investigate if something like Magnum's Pod abstraction
    can be leveraged for this.

As PTL, I will work towards helping the team move the story forward on these features.
Also, whenever required, I will work closely with other OpenStack projects, particularly Magnum,
to ensure that our team's requirements are adequately represented in their forum.


The second challenge for us is to increase community involvement in and around Solum.
Some ideas that I have in this regard are as follows:

(1) Bug squash days:
    My involvement with OpenStack started three years ago when I participated
    in a bug squash day organized by Anne Gentle at Rackspace Austin [2].
    I believe we could organize similar bug squash days for Solum to attract new contributors.

    Also, there could be experienced Solum contributors whose current priorities might
    not be allowing them to participate in Solum development,
    but who might still like to continue contributing to Solum.
    Bug squash days would provide them a dedicated time and place to participate again in Solum development.

(2) Increasing project visibility:
    Some of the actionable items here are:
    - Periodic emails to openstack-dev mailing list giving updates on project's status, achievements, etc.
    - Periodic blog posts
    - Presentations at meetup events

(3) Growing community:
    - Reaching out to folks who are interested in application build and deployment story on OpenStack,
      and inviting them to join Solum IRC meetings and mailing list discussions.
    - Reviving mid-cycle meetups

As PTL, I will take actions on some of the above ideas towards helping build and grow our community.


About my background -- I have been involved with Solum since the beginning of the project.
In this period, I have contributed to the project in several ways including,
designing and implementing different features, fixing bugs, performing code reviews,
helping debug gate issues, helping maintain a working Vagrant environment,
maintaining community engagement through various avenues (IRC channel, IRC meetings, emails), and so on.
More details about my participation and involvement in the project can be found here:
http://stackalytics.com/?module=solum
http://stackalytics.com/?module=python-solumclient

I hope you will give me an opportunity to serve as Solum's PTL for Mitaka.

Best regards,
Devdatta Kulkarni

[1] https://github.com/openstack/solum-specs/blob/master/specs/liberty/app-resource.rst

[2] http://www.meetup.com/OpenStack-Austin/events/48406252/
