Hi all,

I'd like to formally communicate my desire to continue serving as the keystone
PTL for the upcoming Queen’s release. Despite some turbulence throughout the
Pike development cycle, keystone has managed to make progress on some long
standing issues. Even though the pace of development has decreased, I think we
can build momentum from the small victories in Pike and have a productive
Queens release. I'd like to direct our focus on the following areas for
continued improvement and stability of the keystone project throughout the
Queen’s cycle.

*Policy Improvements*

We dedicated a significant portion of our time this release getting policy into
code and documented. We also had meaningful discussions with operators and
developers, resulting in a plan that improves long-standing issues with
OpenStack policy enforcement. I'd like to carry this momentum into Queens and
ensure we’re implementing global role assignments. Additionally, I'd like to
work closely with the oslo team to find ways we can signal deprecations to
operators though the oslo.policy library. This will help us define a better set
of default roles in Rocky, and clean-up policy enforcement at each service.
Lastly, I look forward to championing the community goal to move policy and
documentation into code for all applicable projects.

*Application Credentials*

At the forum and while reviewing the specification, we realized just how
important this work is to our users. While it's unfortunate we didn't make as
much progress here as we hoped during Pike, the discussions this cycle
highlighted a lot of concerns with design as well as usability. I think we're
all better off and more prepared to address the last few tough design bits
during the PTG. One of my goals during the PTG is to facilitate those
conversations and verbosely communicate our approach. I think that will help us
keep the goal in mind as we drive towards delivering this in Queens.

*Unified Limits*

Addressing unified limits was another long-standing issue that we did a good
job of capturing and documenting throughout the Pike release [0]. Pending
available resources, it would be great to push this forward, starting with
unified limits in keystone. This will have a positive impact on any project
currently experiencing issues with quota and will make quota usability more
consistent overall.

*Testing*

Throughout Pike, our team spent a significant amount of time paying down
testing, technical debt. We cleaned-up and extended support for federated
testing, and we've integrated testing with our tempest plugin. We added
experimental support to test rolling upgrades and look forward to gating on
rolling upgrades in Queens. In the upcoming months, we need to focus our
efforts on better LDAP integration testing, which has been on our TODO list for
too long.

*Team Building*

Last, but certainly not least, we need to recruit new keystone contributors -
part or full-time. Some of our most experienced and well-versed developers
moved onto other projects outside of OpenStack. Luckily, the remaining team
members have ambitiously stepped up to fill the gaps. I want to ensure this
project is working optimally on all cylinders. In order for us to do this and
achieve our Queen’s goals, we need more contributors.

Thanks for reading and I look forward to seeing everyone in Denver,

Lance

[0] http://specs.openstack.org/openstack/keystone-specs/specs/keystone/ongoing/unified-limits.html
