Hi all,

I'd like to announce my candidacy for serving as Trove PTL through
the Rocky cycle.

I have been working with OpenStack projects for more than 3 years,
with the responsibility of supporting and developing in Cinder and
Trove for the internal production deployment of OpenStack platform.
However, I only became an active contributor recently after I got
a new job offer which mainly focuses on upstream activities from
my current employer, and then got accepted as a core reviewer of
Trove. It would be a great experience as the Trove PTL to work
together with the team and the whole OpenStack big family in the
following months.

Trove has been challenged by contribution lacking for the last
developing cycles. But users and developers show their interest
in the project from time to time, by asking help on the maillist,
IRC channel, and submitting patches to solve problems found in
their adoptions. I think focusing on the users' needs will help
to attract participation and it's always the key value of
OpenStack projects.

For the Rocky cycle, I would like to focus on the following areas:

* Documentation improvements: get and keep documents updated with
  the code, add more docs about architecture, design and deploy
  considerations, etc.

* Better testing coverage for ensuring a solid code base.

* Improve integration with other OpenStack projects: catch up to
  adopt new features and interfaces of the infrastructure projects
  like Oslo, Keystone, Nova, Cinder, Neutron, Swift, etc.

* Bug triaging and smashing: pay more attentions to users' feedback
  and also track how the project makes progress.

* Try to achieve consensus on topics like:
  - generic datastore abstraction instead of extending from the MySQL
    implementation;
  - improve support for different datastore versions;
  - improve support for clustering;
  - a policy of accepting/deprecating/removing a datastore backend
    support into/from the project;
  - and maybe much more from other contributors and the users.

  And make project goals based on the discussions.

* Keep up with OpenStack-wide goals.

* Looking forward opportunities to extend the team.

Thanks.

Zhao Chao(zhaochao)
