Hi everyone,

This is my self-nomination to continue running as Nova PTL for the Queens
cycle.

If elected, this would be my fourth term as Nova PTL. While I try to
continually improve, at this point I have a fairly steady way of doing things
and most people are probably used to that by now. That's not to say it's the
best way of doing things, so I'm always open to getting feedback on what
people would like to see more (or less) of from me.

I really see this as a service role and I'm happy to continue being of service
for another release, which includes preparing for the PTG and Forum, being
aware of the schedule and communicating major changes or plans to various
groups (developers, operators, Foundation staff, etc).

I'm also happy to say that I'm fortunate enough to have an employer that
supports me doing this again and the amount of time it takes working mostly
full time in the community.

As for Queens content, we made a lot of progress again in Pike but some things
are left undone and that's what I'd like to focus on in Queens. Specifically:

- Continue to evolve and solidify Nova's interaction with the Placement
  service, which includes getting the allocations code out of the compute
  service, fully supporting shared storage providers (and testing that in the
  Ceph CI job), and finally adding the nested resource providers support which
  will enable other features like vGPUs and other hardware-accelerated
  configurations.
- Close some gaps in our multi-cell support, mainly related to up-calls for
  reschedules during build and affinity/anti-affinity sanity checks, and also
  work on real multi-cell deployment testing in a multi-node CI job.
- Finish the Cinder 3.27 API integration early (before the PTG) so we can
  finally get volume multi-attach support.
- Cleanup the documentation now that it has moved in-tree.

Finally, a personal goal for me is going to be working on helping mentor
someone into the PTL role for the Rocky release, so if you are interested
in this role, please reach out.

Thanks for your consideration,

Matt
