Hi Team,

I would like to express my interest in continuing to serve as PTL of Cyborg
project for Rocky release.

I know we have been in a fanatic state for our first release preparation, but
when I looked back to the early days when nomad (cyborg's prelife) project
kicks off, I feel I'm blessed to be able to work with such a great community
and a great dev team, to get where we are now.

We took it in our pride that cyborg is one of the few project that is grown
entirely in the OpenStack community from the very beginning: no vendor code
dump, design discussion from scratch, write every bit of code from zero.
Heck we even changed the project name based upon team voting/consensus.

I have to admit I also had doubt on how a project like cyborg will really
survive, given that we rely so heavily on community effort rather than
single vendor human resource investment which is often guaranteed.
And also the problem that we are such a young team that none of us is veteran
OpenStacker. I'm then hugely encouraged and fascinated by how far we are able
to get.

For Pike, the three core members from three different companies came up with
the basic framework. And for Queens, with more devs joining we will pulled of
our own first implementation of the nested resource provider, a basic
interaction framework between cyborg-conductor and nova-placement, a generic
driver that will be a reference implementation for vendor drivers, Intel FPGA
driver (our first vendor driver !), SPDK driver (the first software
accelerator driver !), cyborg-agent resource tracker, and so on and so forth.
I can't really ask more from this amazing team.

Moreover for the First Contact SIG initiative, we also established a vibrant
Cyborg China Dev community via Wechat group and  held many ad-hoc meetings.
This effort has helped tremendously on our Queens delivery in the making. We
also joined with Nova team to kickoff the Resource Management SIG which will
help align the resource data modeling across OpenStack and other related
open source communities.

With Queens release work still lingering around, the plan for Rocky was
actually bounced over several times during team discussion, and here are the
items that in my mind are important target:

(1) Adopt MS based development cadence. Queens was a chaotic process and I
    think we learnt a hard lesson from it
(2) Finishing up the implementation for Nova-Cyborg interaction spec.
(3) Quota and multi-tenancy support
(4) FPGA Programmability support
(5) NVIDIA GPU/ARM SoC driver support
(6) Meta data standardization. We might take a lesson from Device Tree.
(7) Containerization support for Kubernetes DPI plugin.

Thanks for your patience on reading through this long email. Again I want to
express my will to continue serving cyborg project in Rocky and look forward
to your support or any questions you might have.

--
Zhipeng (Howard) Huang
