Friends, Colleagues, and Fellow Community Members, lend me your ears (or eyes
as the case may be).

I am pleased to submit for your consideration my candidacy for the technical
committee (TC).

You may know me from such projects as Keystone, and the “From Camera to Couch”
segment of Jonathan Bryce’s opening keynote at the Vancouver OpenStack Summit.
I have been an active contributor to OpenStack and have served in a leadership
role since August of 2013 (as core contributor for Keystone and PTL for two
cycles). During my time contributing to OpenStack I have been focused on
improving the interoperability between clouds, improving the cross
communication between projects, and collecting (both direct and indirect)
feedback from the many deployers and users of OpenStack.

With some distance from being PTL of Keystone, I feel that it is time to
refocus my contributions to OpenStack and work to improve the community in a
different but also very important manner.

The most important thing we can do as a community is to continue to improve
the feedback loop from those who are actively using OpenStack. This means
that we need to continue to clearly hear the deployers and improve the story
around running OpenStack (at small, medium and large scales). We also need to
improve the voice of the end user (those who are utilizing the actual APIs
themselves on a daily basis); as a community we continually improve our
ability to hear feedback on the projects in the Big Tent, but we must also
be mindful that the demand for OpenStack (especially by the end users) is
what makes it more compelling. The TC provides an overarching vision and
encourages the continued inclusion of the many different facets of our
community.

I believe that with the initiatives like the API Working Group and the
Product Working group, we can make OpenStack significant better and more
compelling. I hope to see the TC continue to encourage cross project
communication, move the “recommendations” provided from the API Working
Group from advisory towards a stronger “tenants of OpenStack API design”,
and work towards codifying a slightly more opinionated OpenStack. These
changes will serve the project for a long time to come.

So in short here is what aim to do as a member of the TC:

* Encourage a strong vision for OpenStack as a whole, ensuring new projects
and old are at home in the “Big Tent”; this includes help in eliminating
bureaucratic red tape for inclusion in OpenStack as possible while making
sure OpenStack still feels like a cohesive ecosystem

* Continue to encourage and drive solid interoperability between deployments
(via defcore and working to drive the API working group recommendations to
something more firm).

* Provide mentorship (both directly and through reaching out to the
community) to new contributors. As a member of the TC it is important to
lead by example especially when it comes to bringing in new members to the
community 

* Continue to be an advocate for both the deployers and the end users and
working to continue to improve the feedback loop between this part of our
community and the developers.

* Work with the rest of the TC, the Foundation, and the Board to continue
solidifying the “what is OpenStack” and how it fits into the needs of the
many consumers of “cloud” technologies.

Finally, I look forward to continuing to be part of this amazing Open Source
community for many more development cycles.

Thanks for your time, consideration, and contributions to this community.

Cheers,
Morgan Fainberg

IRC: "morgan" (or "notmorgan")
Review History: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/reviewer:morgan.fainberg%2540gmail.com
Commit History: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/owner:morgan.fainberg%2540gmail.com
