Hello everyone,

I'd like to announce my candidacy for the Keystone PTL for the Mitaka cycle.
The project has had great leadership the entire time I have been involved and
I want to keep up the tradition.

I've been working on Keystone for the past 2 years and I'd like to step up
and take more of a leadership role. I have a long track record of technical
leadership that can be directly applied to Keystone. This includes everything
from project management to application architecture and many things in
between.

My thoughts on the direction of the project really boil down to landing the
features we have already committed to, taking our experimental features and
making them stable, improving general project stability and expanding our
community.

Goals for this cycle:

* Land the features

  Several features that are very beneficial to the community are currently
  in development. We need to get them stable and shipped for Mitaka. This
  includes, but is not limited to federation, reseller, and centralized
  policy. There is also additional work that needs to be done with
  federation to take it from experimental to stable, like helping other
  projects adapt to the new requirements and making it a first class OpenStack
  feature.

* Fix the bugs

  We have 293 bugs (at the time of this writing) that need some attention.
  Many have patches that need some work or just need reviews. Others need
  to be investigated and fixed. I'd like to cut this number in half. To do
  that I'd like to get people to focus more on them through activities such
  as bug reviews and bug days (more on that below).

* Expand out testing

  Over the last two cycles we have made some significant advances in our
  testing practices. We need to expand on this cultural shift and even expand
  the focus on testing.

  The full test runtime needs to be cut by at least 50% to improve developer
  workflow. Near immediate test feedback is important for not breaking flow
  when writing code. This can be accomplished by refactoring test code to
  reduce unnecessary setup and focus on the code being tested.

* Expand our community

  Being PTL isn't about me making all of the decisions or calling all of the
  shots. It's about facilitating the design and development of Keystone by
  working with the community. Through mentoring we can get more developers
  ready to be core to speed up our review pace. We need to work together to
  find ways to give more people the ability to contribute upstream. I do
  believe it's possible to make our thriving community even better.

Thanks you for voting for me as your PTL for the Mitaka release cycle.
