Hi everyone,

This is my self-nomination to continue running as Nova PTL for the Pike cycle.

If elected, this would be a third term for me as Nova PTL. In Ocata I thought
that I did a better job of keeping on top of a broader set of efforts than I
was able to in Newton, including several non-priority vendor-specific
blueprints.

I have also tried to make regular communication a priority. The topics vary,
but in general I try to keep people informed about the release schedule,
upcoming deadlines, areas that need attention, and recaps of smaller group
discussions back to the wider team. We have a widely distributed team and a lot
of groups are impacted by decisions made within Nova so it's important to
continue with that communication. Despite my best efforts I have also learned
in Ocata that we need to get earlier feedback on changes which impact
deployment tooling, and make documentation of such changes a high priority
earlier in the development of new features so that people working on tooling
are not left in the dark.

Ocata has been a tough release, and I think we knew that was going to be the
case going in. It was a shorter cycle but still had some very high-priority
and high-visibility work items such as integrating the placement service with
the scheduler and further integrating support for cells v2, along with making
both of those required in a Nova deployment for Ocata. We also had to deal
with losing some key people and filling those spots. But people have stepped up
and we still made some incredible progress in Ocata despite the difficulties.

For Pike I want to focus on the following:

* Continue integration of the placement service into making scheduling
  decisions, including working with Neutron routed networks and work on
  defining traits for resource providers so we can model the qualitative
  aspects of resources in making placement decisions.
* Continue working on cells v2 for multi-cell support including investigating
  the concept of auto-registration of compute nodes to simplify deployment
  automation, and also focus on multi-cell testing and Searchlight
  integration.
* Work on volume multi-attach support with the new Cinder v3 APIs introduced in
  Ocata for creating and deleting volume attachments. I think we are finally at
  a place where we can make some solid progress on the Nova side with improved
  understanding between the Nova and Cinder teams.
* There are going to be several efforts going on across several projects in
  the Pike release, including modeling capabilities in the REST API, and Nova
  is going to have to be a part of those efforts. We also need to get teams
  together to figure out what are the issues with hierarchical quotas and what
  progress can be made there since that is a high priority item that lots of
  operators have been requesting for a long time.

In general, we are going to have to improve our review throughput, especially
given the change in resources we experienced in Ocata. To me, a lot of this
will have to do with mentoring people that are newer to Nova but are stepping
into leadership positions, and having a shorter feedback loop on "leveling up".

To summarize, I aim to be of service to those using and contributing to Nova
and want to continue doing that in the PTL role for the project in the Pike
release if you will have me for another round.

Thank you for your consideration,

Matt
