I am announcing my candidacy for PTL for the Ironic team for the Ocata release
cycle. In case you don't know me, I'm dtantsur on IRC. I started working on
Ironic around late spring or summer 2014, and I'm probably best known as a
founder of ironic-inspector sub-project.

The Newton cycle was a huge breakthrough for the Bare metal project. Testing
upgrades in CI, multi-tenant networking, support for multiple compute services
out of box are just a few great and highly-expected things that have become the
reality during this cycle.

As for Ocata, I would like to concentrate on unfinished tasks, CI and
technical dept. To be more precise, if you happen to choose me as your new PTL
for the Ocata cycle, I would like to shift focus to and be the driving force
behind these fields of improvement:

* Driver improvements and unification

  First of all, this comprises the driver composition reform - my long-term
  commitment which I finally plan to fulfill this cycle. However, I would also
  like us to think more about unification between drivers. Several non-core
  things very from driver to driver: UEFI support, RAID support and
  capabilities discovery immediately come to my mind as examples.

  Finally, this involves parting with drivers that do not have 3rd party CI.
  I am ready to share responsibility for this unpopular move :)

* CI improvements

  The number of our jobs keeps growing, but we still don't cover a lot of
  features that Ironic provides. We need to figure out the way to increase
  coverage without increasing load on infra and number of transient failures.
  A few approaches come to my mind. Using projects like TripleO as 3rdparty CI
  may cover a few more things specific to its use case. Puppet experience with
  "scenarios" may also come in handy to replace several jobs with one.

  No matter which approach we take, we will need to make sure that it's still
  clear (especially to newcomers) what caused a particular CI failure.

* Finishing Newton goals

  We've done great job landing features in Newton, but a few important things
  are still missing. For example, booting from volume, rescue mode, port
  groups, rolling upgrades, dealing with automatic maintenance in a more robust
  way, and some more.

-- Dmitry Tantsur
