Sridhar Ramaswamy and our team have done great work during last several cycles.
Many thanks to the team and Sridhar Ramaswamy.

With this email, I'm announcing my PTL candidacy of the Tacker team for the
Pike release cycle.

First let me briefly introduce myself. I joined the OpenStack community
development in 2012, then became the core member of Neutron team and served
the project for a few cycles. Currently, I'm contributing to Tacker project
as a core member.

Following are my contribution activities:
* Review:  http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&metric=marks&user_id=gongysh
* Commit:  http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&metric=commits&user_id=gongysh

As a major leader of 99cloud (active Gold Member of OpenStack Foundation)
I have led 99cloud teams actively participating the upstream activities.
In addition, I introduced Tacker projects to many Chinese companies and
motivated some contributors to join Tacker and related projects.

Here are some ideas I propose the team to focus on in new cycles:
* Documentation - Tacker teams have done fairly well in this area. We should
continue this effort. Nice documentation for new users, especially developers,
will definitely help the project develop.

* Robust architecture – Tacker needs some refactoring in order to be used for
a more robust environment. For example, monitoring feature, VIM feature etc.
We can split some features into components and make them distributed. New API
framework is also one part of this architecture.

* Testing - Tacker originally derived from Neutron, the original testing
framework needs reorganization to fit the Tacker codes. After that, we need to
drive stronger principles to demand better unit and functional test coverage.

* New features - In order for Tacker to become a leading community-built
TOSCA-based Orchestrator service (Inherited from Sridhar, thanks!) in OpenStack,
Tacker need introduce more features, such as TOSCA UI tools, workflows etc.
Of course, the VNF(D), NS(D), VNFFG(D) in MANO via Tacker TOSCA Orchestrator
service will get matured in new cycles.

* Getting more stackers to join - To finish the tons of tasks, we need tons of
contributors. To involve and motivate stackers into Tacker team will be one of
my major tasks.

SDN and NFV is getting hotter and the deployments are accelerating. I would
like to make sure Tacker is getting ready to catch the rising big wave.

Many Thanks to Sridhar and all the dear developers again.

Thank you for your kind consideration of my candidacy.
