Today I would like to announce my candidacy as I18n PTL in Queens cycle.

I've been in the OpenStack Community since 2015, active as a translator in the
German team. I participated in my first OpenStack Summit in Tokyo and met the
I18n team for the first time at the Design Summit. It was an exciting moment to
meet people from all over the world working on the same thing.
It is not just translations, but working with different cultures, views and ...
time zones. These are the magical dimensions and challenges.
After Tokyo we had virtual midcycle sprint to develop the translation check
site, one of the tools to help translators in their work.
I met more people during Barcelona Summit and sank deeper and deeper into the
work of OpenStack and I18n. In Boston we had our own session to show the work of
the I18n team. We prepared a workshop also which was not so successful, but the
preparation was great and we can repeat it at any time.

At this point I would like to thank Ianychoi for his excellent work in the past
as PTL. He is tireless, full of energy, and brought I18n far forward. He was for
me in the last weeks a kind of mentor to learn all the things related to I18n
and PTL.  Nevertheless, I still need support from the entire team to
successfully manage this task.

What goals have I set for myself for Queens:
1. Completion of the translation check site. I have been involved in this
project since 2015 and now it has to be finished :-)
2. Automate all the things. We have some manual work in I18n and our tools that
are to automate to make the work easier.
3. Aquire more people to the team. We have great teams that do a lot. But we
also get more work through translate new OpenStack projects or the User Survey.

I hope I have given a good overview. Contact me directly if you have any
questions or requests. On good cooperation in a new cycle OpenStack!

Frank

Email: eumel@arcor.de
IRC: eumel8
Twitter: eumel_8

OpenStack Profile:
https://www.openstack.org/community/members/profile/45058/frank-kloeker
