Hello everyone!

I would like to announce my candidacy for the Winstackers PTL election for the
upcoming cycle.

I have been involved in OpenStack since Havana, and even longer with Hyper-V
and Windows related technologies, and I have been the PTL of Winstackers since
its beginning.

In the past cycle, we had a few primary focuses:

* Expanded the number of tests and Hyper-V related features tested. For this
  purpose, we've added the oswin-tempest-plugin repository, and we've added
  a few dozen tests used to validate different features and scenarios. This
  tempest plugin will continue to be updated and expanded, covering new
  features in upcoming cycles.

* Added several new features, including: SR-IOV support (os-win and
  networking-hyperv), NIC hardware offload support (os-win), SAN policy
  getter / setter, attaching / detaching VHD to hosts, and so on.

* Using release notes for any note-worthy new features we've added in os-win
  and networking-hyperv.

* Bug fixing and increasing the reliability of the networking-hyperv, os-win
  library, and their unit tests. For unit tests, we've started mock autospecs,
  which ensures that non-existent attributes are not used, and that mocked
  method calls have their signatures respected.

In the following cycle, I'd like to continue the work we started on
oswin-tempest-plugin and include the tests in regular Hyper-V CI runs.
Additionally, documentation always needs work and updates.

Last, but not least, I would like us to continue integrating the aforementioned
features we've introduced in os-win in other projects (nova, cinder,
networking-hyperv, and so on). A feature of personal interest would be the
usage of SR-IOV VFs, IOV queues, VMQs, and IPSec task offloading capabilities
which are available for Hyper-V and how to schedule and consume them through
nova / neutron.

These are the main goals I have in mind that I would like to accomplish during
the Rocky cycle, among other minor goals. We will continue to support the
drivers / plugins we've added to other projects, and we'll continue to add new
features to them. New goals and suggestions are always welcome.

Thank you for your consideration,

Claudiu Belu
