My name is Adam Young and I am running for Keystone Project Technical Lead.

Why I am running:  I've been part of this project since it was in
incubation.  During that time, I've received the benefit of several
dedicated PTLs.  It is time for me to offer to do the hard work
necessary to make Keystone successful.


The Keystone project gets its name from the block on an arch that is
put into position to make the whole structure self supporting. Remove
any piece of the arch and the whole thing collapses.  What is notable
about a Keystone is that it has the highest degree of pressure of any
block in the arch.


The Keystone project fills that same role in OpenStack.  It provides
the means to make OpenStack capable of architectural feats not
previously possible.  But it also is the highest risk piece from a
security perspective, and it is here that, as PTL, I will focus my
attentions.


My goals for Keystone:

1.  Removing the bearer aspects of tokens
2.  Better delegation mechanisms to scale the management of OpenStack.
3.  Improving stability, scale, and performance.
4.  Simplify integration with external identity sources

As a member of the team, I have been frustrated by our inability to
make progress on some of these key aspects due to workflow
constraints.  As PTL, I will look to restructuring the code approval
process to increase development throughput while increasing the
emphasis on quality.


I've been blogging since before I started on Keystone.  It has been
one of the key ways that I have communicated the design, criticism,
and techniques essential for Keystone's continued success.  As PTL, I
will continue to communicate, and to aid the other team members to
communicate.  Keystone needs to work with the rest of the OpenStack
project teams.


Here's the most important part;  I'm, going to do this all anyway. It
does not matter if I am PTL or not, this is how I will work.


I'm hoping by running that I inspire other Keystone Developers to run
as well.  We've got a great crew, and I am looking forward to being
part of it in this upcoming release.
