Hi All,

I would like to announce my candidacy for a seat on the OpenStack Technical
Committee for the upcoming year.

I'm working for the OpenStack Foundation as Ecosystem Technical Lead where
my responsibility is to help our members to succeed with OpenStack both as
software and community. My main focus areas are Telecom/NFV, on boarding
and collaboration with adjacent communities.

I joined the community nearly four years ago. By my contributions I’m the constant
voice of usability and maintainability aspects while encouraging collaboration within
and between project teams.

During the past few years I’ve been leading the activities to add the Cinder volume
multi-attach functionality to Nova, which turned into a collaborative activity between
the two teams to simplify the interaction between the two services [1]. By this work
we are increasing maintainability of the code bases and stability of the services.
Driven by the experiences of this work I see cross-project collaboration as an area
to further improve. As part of the TC I would like to continue driving cross-project
activities, where I would like to help with making the interactions between the teams
more efficient to ensure end-to-end feature implementation and continuous code
maintenance and improvement.

I’m one of the drivers of the Upstream Institute activities to provide guidance to
newcomers to the community. As our community is a continuously changing
environment it is crucial to be welcoming and ensure we distribute the knowledge
about our processes and code base while remaining open to transfer responsibilities
to newer community members. As a TC member I would like to help the project
teams to share and maintain this mindset to help the contributor ecosystem to
remain healthy and balanced and our teams to become more efficient.

In the course of my current role within the Foundation I continuously learn about the
goals and challenges of our ecosystem companies who are productifying, distributing
and operating OpenStack. It is very important to keep a close feedback loop between
our users, operators and developers in order to define our focus and priorities to features
requests and issues that are in high demand. At the same time it is also crucial to keep
OpenStack an innovative environment which is open to explore new emerging technologies
and also integrates well with other communities in the ecosystem. If I get elected to the
TC I would like to help collaborating with organizations on different fields, from
standardization (i.e. ETSI NFV) through SDN/NFV (i.e. OPNFV) to the research and
scientific area.

As an example I’ve been involved in OPNFV [2] for about two and a half years and I’m
also one of their ambassadors [3]. I’m continuously working on to find the connection
points between the two communities [4] to build a large ecosystem which fits OpenStack's
current priorities in the sense of actively supporting and being the foundation for NFV. As
part of the TC I would like to continue to help the ongoing joint activities to create
an interoperability test suite for the NFV area and have OPNFV’s CI system integrated
with OpenStack to get close to immediate feedback while developing new Telecom
and NFV related features. As the adoption of OpenStack in the Telecom area is
continuously growing and operators are looking at OpenStack as a main building
block for their systems, I would like to serve as a representative in the technical
driving force of OpenStack, who can operate as a translator to build a common
roadmap.

Last but not least, I would like to increase diversity in the TC, but more importantly
my goal is to add fresh blood to the group driving this community. In my
opinion it is crucial to constantly revisit items from a different perspective and
let new voices articulate their views and ideas in order to see the big picture. Long
term this can ensure that OpenStack keeps its adaptability to continue to be a
smoothly functioning ecosystem providing a stable, successful and continuously
evolving software package.

Thank you for reading through my thoughts. It is an honor to be part of OpenStack,
which is why I would like to take part in helping to further the efforts of providing a
package that can serve the whole industry and which is backed up by a growing
and smoothly functioning ecosystem.

Thank you for your consideration.

Best Regards,
Ildikó (ildikov)

[1] http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&user_id=ildiko-vancsa&metric=person-day
[2] https://www.opnfv.org
[3] https://www.opnfv.org/community/ambassadors
[4] https://www.openstack.org/summit/austin-2016/summit-schedule/events/7510

