Greetings Stackers!

I would like to submit my candidacy for the Technical Committee.

I have been involved with the OpenStack community since the Juno cycle and
interested in OpenStack while I worked as an engineer supporting data center
hosting operations. My experience having bridged these worlds means that I
understand the life of an operator and the thought process of a developer.
I care deeply about the success of OpenStack and believe that it is vital
for the the marketplace and open innovation.

I believe we have been excellent at building social and process complexity
to our own detriment. I feel that we need to evaluate and reconsider why we
do the things we do. I feel that we need better stand-alone usage cases and
usage. A shorter feedback loop with those different use cases would also help
us iterate faster as our software could then be consumed more easily.

It is true containers have taken over the limelight with many companies,
as they have shifted their resources away from OpenStack. I feel that we
must not forget that infrastructure and the underlying building blocks have
a place as well. It is also upon us to advocate for that as community
building is our strongest avenue to spread the word of OpenStack.

Many may know me as TheJulia on IRC. I've largely worked on Ironic and to a
lesser extent TripleO far off in the past. I'm one of those people that keeps
odd hours and tries to help others, as I feel strongly about supporting our
community and its users. I feel that this in turn supports ourselves and
helps us in the long term. I believe strongly in developing contributors and
also plainly admitting when I just don't know the answer to a question.
At the same time, I'm happy to help investigate and try to understand.

While we have navigated to this point with the hype curve, we need to set
our future course with a variety of thoughts and experiences. Combined with
my strong feelings about our community and overall mission, I feel that I
would be a good addition to the TC.

Thank you for your consideration,
Julia

freenode: TheJulia
Twitter: @ashinclouds
https://www.openstack.org/community/members/profile/19088/julia-kreger
http://stackalytics.com/?release=all&user_id=juliaashleykreger
