Hello everyone!

Heat project is one of the most interesting, in my opinion, projects. I have
had a great opportunity to be a contributor and core-member of this project.
This experience allowed to me to become a part of the amazing OpenStack
community. Honestly it would not be possible without support of our friendly
and kind Heat community. I think that it's the main reason why I want to raise
my hand and propose my candidacy for PTL.
   I think that the Team and Project helped me a lot to develop. So I'd like
to provide reciprocal service. I want to continue to improve the Heat project
as a part of the Big Tent.
   During the last couple of releases we started the huge architecture change
(code named 'convergence'). One of my aims is to continue this work and collect
more feedback from all our users and especially from Level up projects, like
Sahara, TripleO, Murano, etc. with the aim of enabling convergence by default.
   Besides convergence work, the Heat team spends a lot of time making Heat
more user-friendly. There are couple of good examples of this work: improving
deprecation process and related documentation, providing more user oriented
features - conditional resource exposure, other template functionality,
filtering and sorting client improvements. I personally like to hear feedback
from users about this functionality. And I think we should continue improving
our documentation, functionality for end-users and especially for new
contributors, who will be happy to work with clear and pleasant code base.
   Another important part of code is testing, which should be improved. Heat
already has a pretty good test coverage, but I suppose, that we should not
forget about it and continue to add more unit tests and functional
tests :)
The last, but the not less important theme for me is scalability of Heat.
In my opinion it's an important topic for all of the Big Tent community. So I'd
like to help Heat gather more feedback from real usage examples and improve
this area. I think, that guys from Sahara and TripleO teams have a lot of
experience in this area and may collaborate with us to build the best solution.
   In closing, I'd like to ensure that everyone knows I will continue with the
successful tradition of consensus building. We have a very strong team
(with many previous PTL's) that I hope I can rely on for support.
