Hi everyone,

I decided to run for the Neutron PTL position for the Mitaka release cycle.

I have been contributing to Neutron since Havana and I am a member of the
control plane core review team. During these years I have touched most parts
of the Neutron code and in the last cycle my main focus has been
to restructure the OVS agent, adding the ability to use events provided by
ovsdb client and making it more resilient to failures.

Mentoring people and spreading knowledge about Neutron have been high
priorities for me in these years. I am a regular speaker at OpenStack events
(local meetups, Openstack days and summits), where my talks have had high
attendance and good feedback.
I have been a mentor for the Outreachy program [1] and the OpenStack upstream
training.

If I become PTL these are my main objectives for Mitaka:

* Make the community even more welcoming.
Neutron is still facing a big challenge in terms of review bandwidth.
Good features can't get merged because of this limit. Even if the introduction
of the Lieutenant system [2] has improved scalability, we still need to create
a better way to share knowledge.
In addition to improving the existing documentations and tutorials I'd like to
create a team of mentors that can help new contributors (the quality of the
proposed patches should increase so that the review time needed to merge them
should decrease) and form new reviewers (more good people, more bandwidth).

* Keep working hard to increase the stability.
The introduction of functional tests and full stack tests was great, we just
need to keep going in that direction. Moreover I'd love to produce and store
some benchmark data so that we can also keep track of the performance of
Neutron during time.

* Continue getting feedback from operators.
I think it's very important to hear the opinions of the actual Neutron users
and to understand their concerns.

* Paying down technical debt
Introduce oslo versioned objects to improve RPC and keep refactoring Neutron
code to make it more readable and understandable.

Before proposing my candidacy I made sure I have the full support of my employer
for this role.

Neutron has a great team of contributors and great leaders, it would be an
honor for me to be able to coordinate our efforts and push Neutron forward.


Thanks for reading so far and for considering this candidacy,

Rossella (rossella_s)

[1] https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/Outreachy
[2] http://docs.openstack.org/developer/neutron/policies/core-reviewers.html#core-review-hierarchy
