Hello everyone, here is my announcement to run for Murano PTL for Ocata.

It has been my pleasure to serve as Murano PTL in Newton and I would like to
offer my services to the team and the community once more. Looking back at all
the challenges and achievements of Newton cycle I feel very proud to be part of
Murano. We’ve made a great step forward in integrating with glare and have set
up (now green) glare-integration jobs for nearly every murano component. Work on
both multi-region apps and app development framework took a leap forward and
they’re nearly finished. We’ve started work on supporting and documenting
installation of murano from RDO and UCA. And those are just the tip of the
iceberg.

Here are few changes and challenges I’d like to implement in Ocata:

* Switch murano to `release-with-intermediary` model. Probably the biggest
change on the list. The rationale behind this change is to make releases more
frequent and less in size to give our users access to new features faster.
Release automation through openstack/releases repository has dramatically
reduced the cost of making a release and would allow us to concentrate more on
features, release often and get user feedback sooner. Secondary activity here
would be to allow current murano support installations of a previous version of
OpenStack. This is already the case API-wise, but might pose a certain challenge
code-wise.

* Continue work and support of murano packages for major distributions. We have
awesome packages for Debian (thanks zigo!), but we also need to have up-to-date
UCA and RDO packages. This will be twice as important with the new release
model. Furthermore we’d need to incorporate these installation guides into our
documentation. The final goal here is to make them to be the default way to
install murano.

* Documentation. As a continuation of #2 — there’s quite some work we need to do
regarding our docs. App Framework, Garbage Collection, Multi-region apps,
Installation from packages, YAQL library (even though it’s not part of murano) —
all these features need some documentation love shead onto them.

* Continue with the App Catalog and Glare integrations. We’ve had some progress
in both directions, but there is still a lot to be done. Hopefuly with glare
moving to a separate repository and AppCatalog-Glare integration underway we’ll
be able to finally switch to v1 Glare API in Ocata

* We’re halfway there with the OSC integration and I’d really love to see it
finished during Ocata and finally release the 1.0.0 client as soon as that is
done. =)

Regardless of the election result — I’m looking forward to Ocata and would try
my best to help Murano and the community around it thrive.

Cheers, Kirill (kzaitsev_ws)
