This is my announcement of candidacy for PTL of the Infrastructure project
during the Newton cycle.

With a background in Linux systems administration stretching back nearly a
decade, I've been working on the Infrastructure team for just over three years
and have spent the last year as core and root member of the team. Throughout my
tenure on the team I've worked to support my fellow team mates and beyond
through mentorship (including participation in formal programs like Outreachy)
and one-on-one help with the components of our infrastructure. I've reached out
and worked with teams like the i18n team to evaluate and determine how infra
can support them.

I've also spent a considerable amount of time through talks at conferences,
articles and interviews sharing the mission, goals and innovative ways our
operations team functions in an open fashion. I'm a firm believer in open
source and very proud of how our team works. I have even started building
relationships with other open source projects where they are adopting or have
adopted an open model for infrastructure. I'm eager to see what we can learn
from each other.

I think we're in a very exciting time for the Infrastructure team. Our team is
steadily growing with additional root and core members and we have projects
like infra-cloud bringing in the interest and talents of even more contributors
who bring a diversity of skills and backgrounds to our team. Additionally,
efforts are continuing on projects like Zuulv3 to improve scalability and
flexibility of our gating system, which is essential as the OpenStack community
continues to grow. We're also continuing to make progress on the evaluation and
launching of a new issue and task tracker. Making these and other projects feel
supported and included is very important to me.

My conversations with contributors, potential contributors and our downstreams
over the past year has also made me keenly aware that effort by some of our
team members could be well spent on our contribution story. Contributing to our
Infrastructure team will never be easy, but my hope and belief is that there
are ways we can make it a better experience with just some small adjustments.
First we need data, so I'd like to solidly identify the pain points through
discussion and candid feedback.

Prior to and concurrent with my role on the infrastructure team, I spent six
years on the Ubuntu Community Council, the community governance body for the
Ubuntu project. Over this past cycle in the Infrastructure team I have worked
with the current PTL, Jeremy Stanley, to fill in as meeting chair when he's
unavailable and have assisted with some of the administrative work that keeps
our team running.

I have some big shoes to fill when reflecting on the excellent work and
successes our past and current PTLs, but I am in a good position to handle the
expectations and duties of Infrastructure PTL.

I appreciate your consideration.

Elizabeth K. Joseph (pleia2)
