I haven't burned out yet! I'm running for reelection to a second
term for the post of Infrastructure PTL. I've been a core reviewer
and root sysadmin for OpenStack's community-maintained project
infrastructure since October 2012. In that time it's been my
pleasure to help further the tremendous growth we've experienced as
a team and within the OpenStack community as a whole.

    https://wiki.openstack.org/user:fungi

As a free software idealist I'm proud not only of what we accomplish
but how we manage to do so without compromising on our standards of
transparency and openness, even when it may inconveniently highlight
new problems we also need to solve. The Infrastructure team serves
as a shining example of how communities can effectively collaborate
and produce while not relying on crutches of proprietary, commercial
tools. Expect me to continue encouraging our community to make the
hard choice in favor of free tools, of being a helpful downstream
for the communities of the tools we use, and of acting as a
responsible upstream to those who wish to reuse the tools we've
written to make our own work possible.

In the past cycle the team has worked together to connect four new
service providers into our donated CI resource pool, performed a
major version-skip upgrade to our code review system, rolled out a
unified mirror network for a variety of package types used in CI
jobs, and brought a number of other new services online to make our
developer community's lives more convenient. We've also made great
strides on many other major specs, including nearing production on
Infra-Cloud and phasing out our old and inconsistent snapshot-based
worker images. I'm continually amazed at what this team is able to
accomplish together in such a short span of time, and have hopes the
coming cycle will hold at least as many amazing accomplishments.

The PTL's role is that of a communicator, facilitator, coordinator
and mentor; that's how I intent to continue spending my time in
support of our team, if you'll have me.
