I would like to be the PTL of the shade project for another cycle.

Over the past few years the shade project has grown from a utility library
containing some logic needed by the Infrastructure team and Ansible for
interacting with OpenStack clouds to a rich SDK that serves the general needs
of humans who want to use OpenStack.

This past cycle we (mostly) accomplished two main goals that were not exciting
features but which are immensely important nonetheless. We ported our unittests
to use requests-mock instead of mocking out individual python client libraries,
and we replaced our use of the python client libraries with direct REST calls
based on keystoneauth. This was rather mind-numbing and I fear we may have
eaten the brains of a few wonderful contributors - but it means that our
dependency chain is much slimmer so inclusion in distros and alongside apps
should be less costly.

We still need to finish converting the last keystoneclient calls and to
transition the Ironic calls. TheJulia did WAY too good of a job writing tests
when implemeting Ironic support originally, so it may take a little while to
finish that one.

Over the next cycle we need to update our REST layer to incorporate the recent
changes made in keystoneauth related to service and version discovery. This
largely means removing code, which is always pleasant. Once that's done we'll
be in a position to start using microversions as appropriate.

Glance has landed experimental support for the new Image upload process, and
we need to add detection and implementation of that to our Image upload system
so that we'll use it when it's available.

There is some very important work we need to do deep in the guts related to
caching and batching of calls. We have a system for this that is designed to
ensure that large-scale systems such as Nodepool can operate effectively, but
it's proving costly for smaller users and needs to be optimized.

I recently suggested merging the work of the python-openstacksdk team into
shade. If we decide as a larger OpenStack community that this is a direction
we want to go, we'll need to do a decent amount of plumbing to ensure that's
as smooth as possible for both sets of users.

Finally, I think if we don't make some forward progress on the oaktree gRPC
federation API that samueldmq will be very unhappy with me. We've been
explicitly putting off working on that to ensure we get the RESTification work
done. This next cycle I expect to make real progress on that so that we can
at least have a proof point to look at so we can discuss a real thing rather
than a theory.

I'm proud of what we've done so far, and I think there is a ton we can continue
to do to serve OpenStack End Users well.

Thank you for your consideration,
Monty
