Hi all!

I am announcing my candidacy for PTL for the Sahara team for the Queens release
cycle. In case you don't know me, I'm tellesnobrega on IRC. I started working
on Sahara in 2014 and became core in 2016 and not long after acted as PTL for
Pike cycle.

First of all, I would like to thank Vitaly Gridnev for all the help he gave me
on the beginning of the process, it was of great importance.

I have to confess that the job was a little overwhelming at the beggining and
took me some time to get used to the responsabilities and get a good grip on
how to handle the whole thing. I hope that I did a good job (the team can speak
better than I can about that) and hope that I will be able to continue working
as PTL this next cycle.

If you elect me, I would like to concentrate on the following efforts:

* CI and testing improvements.

  We currently don't have a specific CI deployed due to some problems with ours
  servers but this is a issue that we are fixing at this time. What I want to
  do is try to improve our CI for cases like this so we don't spend as much for
  migration. Having a sort of backup instance or even run both with a
  Load balancer so we can *always* a CI running.
  Testing is always an issue that we have to take care and I hope to get us
  some time to improve our test quality and coverage.

  * Bug triaging.

  This is something that I mentioned the last cycle but we never had time to
  get around to it, so I'm putting this up again. Our bug queue is not extense,
  but I did intend to shorten it and didn't. I plan to do this for this next
  cycle.

  * Cleaning up specs

  We have quite a few proposed features (some of them are awesome) that never
  got to be implemented. I would like to run over this and prioritize what we
  would like to do and make this list smaller while we improve our project.

  * Documentation

  I've had troubles with our documentation, most people who try to run Sahara
  have trouble due to faulty documentation. I would like for us on this cycle
  to have a couple Doc days so we can remove old information, update what is
  still relevant and make things simpler for users.

  I really enjoyed this last cycle as PTL and hope that I can do an even better
  job this time.
