Greetings,

I want to run for keystone PTL to facilitate an environment for others to grow
and make meaningful changes so that we continue to build keystone into a more
stable, scalable and performant project.

January marks my fifth anniversary working with OpenStack. In that time I've
had the opportunity to participate in a variety of different roles from
development to deployment. Being exposed to such a fast-paced open-source
project has made profound impacts on how I approach everyday challenges.

Joining the OpenStack community was a daunting task, there was a staggering
amount of information to absorb. Fortunately, the community was so welcoming
that learning was a huge reward. I feel the community, and the keystone team in
particular, still maintains this camaraderie. This is something I'd like to
continue when serving as PTL.

Over the last few years I have worked on various keystone initiatives. I
co-implemented support for Fernet tokens, which results in keystone being more
scalable and performant. As of the Ocata release, Fernet tokens are the default
token format providing scalability out-of-the-box. This helped spur an effort I
led to refactor keystone's token API to make it simpler and easier to maintain.
I automated the ability to performance test patches in review against master
and publish the delta as a comment on review, providing reviewers with a
performance-related datapoint. Lately I've been focused on organizing
cross-project efforts to address gaps in policy across OpenStack. Those are
only a couple recent examples I'm proud of. I actively try to take some
experience or lesson from every interaction I have with the community and add
it to my repertoire.

As PTL, I would like to continue building an environment that enables and
inspires people to contribute. We still have many goals to work towards, and it
will never be completed by a single person. Building a community around trust
and transparency will yield consistent, measurable results. I think the
keystone community has done a great job of this so far and I want to accelerate
that trend.

I would like to continue improving the overall usability of policy across
OpenStack, which will benefit users and deployers significantly. I will
continue to push for federated identity to be a first class resource. I believe
it should absolutely be a natural extension of keystone for both deployers and
users. I will continue to keep performance at the forefront of our goals. I
will continue to be an advocate for cross-project communication. I will lead an
effort to dedicate one day per week to office hours, where we triage and
attempt to close bugs. This will serve as a great way to grow our community and
keep tabs on our bug queue.

My long-term vision for keystone allows deployers the flexibility to address
real-world use cases across a variety of deployments while providing consistent
user-experience and stability. To do that we're going to have to solve some
hard problems around policy, federation, upgradability, etc. But, we've solved
hard problems before. The following are a few things I'd like to focus on in
Pike:

* Introduce better granularity for RBAC support using keystone, and leading by
  example
* Continue improving functional testing
* Continue making user experiences with federation seamless and intuitive
* Continue to support rolling upgrades
* Help guide work to implement rolling upgrade testing to achieve the rolling
  upgrade tag
* Continuing our work from the last few cycles to promote usage of the V3 API
  everywhere

Some personal goals of mine as a PTL would be to:

* Facilitate collaboration by encouraging break out work and sprints
* Add more communication tools to our toolbox by actively looking for new ways
  to share ideas
* Ensure our discussions, decisions, and outcomes are easily discoverable and
  thoroughly communicated
* Build upon the established pattern of having dedicated roles for design
  discussions (i.e. moderator, champion, scribe) to ensure we have meaningful,
  productive discussions that are accurately captured
* Actively look for opportunities to mentor or collaborate with new and
  existing team members
* Promote an environment where we can learn from failed attempts and iterate to
  find more robust solutions

Finally I want to say thanks for taking time out of your day to parse this
note. I'm excited to get started on Pike regardless of the election results. I
look forward to seeing you all in Atlanta!


Best Regards,

Lance
