Hello everyone!

I have been involved in OpenStack since late 2013 and now it is time
to put my name forward as a candidate for keystone PTL during the Pike
development cycle.

As your PTL, I would like to see our team's focuses classified into
three categories, as enumerated and detailed below:

1. Community: keeping keystone a great place to contribute

As a team, we need to ensure our project is always a welcoming place
to new contributors.

I would like to encourage community members who have more experience
in the project to take leadership roles, such as mentoring GSoC and
Outreachy programs.

Regarding those programs, it would be great to elaborate a list of
projects we consider to be interesting and that can be scoped in an
internship.

In addition, I would like to keep identifying and rewarding community
members who have been doing an outstanding job, as this helps on
keeping them motivated and knowing how great and important they are
to our community.

2. Features and testing: establishing a consistent roadmap

In terms of features, I would like to see our team keeping hardening
some features that have landed in Ocata, such as PCI-DSS and federated
auto-provisioning.

Some others would be targeted to Pike, including continuing to work in
the solution for solving the issue with long-running operations and
token expiry, and improvements in the policy mechanisms.

In terms of testing, the team has been doing a great job. Some
functional tests have been added in Ocata. I would like to see our
team to continue improving our tests in order to make sure we continue
to deliver high quality code to our users.

3. Docs: revisiting and ensuring consistency and completeness

I would like to keep revisiting our developer docs in order to make
sure new contributors have a smoothly experience when onboarding.

Furthermore, I would like to note that there is no point in having a
code that behaviors correctly if we do not teach our users how to use
our service.

With that said, in order to keep improving usability, I would like to
see the team making sure the docs are accurate and complete for our
API consumers and deployers.

There are a few ideas on how to improve docs out there, such as
api-guide docs, which main goal is to conceptually explain the service.


--

I will hapilly discuss those goals with the team during our first PTG
in Atlanta. I am looking forward to seeing you there!

Thank you,
Samuel de Medeiros Queiroz - samueldmq