Hi all,

I would like to take the opportunity to announce my candidacy for
Glance PTL for Rocky cycle.

I've been working primarily with Glance since Icehouse and do work
full-time on Glance upstream. During that time I've served community in
stable and release liaison roles, as Glance and Glance stable core
reviewer and part of Glance bugs, drivers and security teams. I've been
part of team running Glance in sizeable public cloud and been part of
development of couple deployment tools: Helion lifecycle manager and
TripleO. Needless to say that production stability and scale has always
been on the top of my priority list. Thus it's likely not a surprise
that I like to identify the high points of my contributions being the
work to get Images API v2 production ready and lately driving the
efforts on Image Import Refactoring that provides the new Interoperable
Image Import that changes how images are brought into Glance by our
end users. Both things making sure that Glance stays as integral part
of OpenStack deployments and we as community do not need to reinvent
wheel to get image service that can be trusted in future production
deployments.

I've seen lots of the highs and lows of the Glance (community/project)
and am super proud that we've survived them and the fact that we're
still going strong. Same time the two last cycles have thought me an
important lesson, I'm not at my best writing code no matter how much I
like it and I cannot take full time support role and full time writing
code. The support side enabling the people better suitable for writing
the code is definitely the part of my contributions where I shine more.

Thus I'd like to take the support role for Rocky cycle as PTL and focus
my efforts to make sure we as a community keep going strong into the
future cycles and the people who do shine brighter writing the code
than I do could focus more of their time to that. Obviously that would
not mean that I'd be taking distance to the development and driving the
efforts or stop writing code all together. It's more of a matter where
should I prioritize my time?

So where do I see our focus for the foreseeable future?

* Strengthening the community needs to be at the top of our priority
  list. While we're afloat and the team is operational we are by no
  means at the optimal point of Glance developement. Enabling new
  contributors to be effective and successful is important work that
  needs to keep happening.

* Bug and stable work needs to pick up at my own part again. I've been
  leaving that way too light lately and as team we haven't taken care
  of our stable branches as well as we should.

* We need to work on finishing the work we're committing to and
  prioritized. This also highlights the fact that we need more hands
  on the deck as if everyone is focusing on putting out fires, it does
  not matter how much we want to prioritize the work that is happening.

* When the crew is running light it's even more important to listen
  our user comminuty to what prioritize. we need to keep focusing on
  features and fixes that are actually needed and keep the nice to
  have stuff on the correct level of efforts.

* On the technical side I see our priorities being strengthening the
  Image Import so that it can be fully relied on production. We need
  to make sure that our tools are operational for upgrades and the
  lifecycle management and we definitely need to work towards making
  sure we get rid of Images API v1 and don't need to waste any of our
  precious time to keep that codebase still alive. If we can achieve
  these by early Rocky we would be in so much better place to move
  forward.

Looking the past Glance PTLs there is big boots to fill and I would
do my best not to fail the expectations.

Thanks for getting all the way down here and I hope we will work
together next cycles to make Glance being the best Glance possible.

Erno jokke Kuvaja
