Hi,

I would like to announce my candidacy for the PTL position of Magnum.

To introduce myself, my involvement in Magnum began in December 2014, in which
the project was at a very early stage. Since then, I have been working with the
team to explore the roadmap, implement and refine individual components, and
gradually grow the feature set. Along the way, I’ve developed comprehensive
knowledge of the architecture and has led me to take more leadership
responsibilities. In the past release cycle, I started taking some of the PTL
responsibilities when the current PTL was unavailable. I believe my past
experience shows that I am qualified for the Magnum PTL position.

In my opinion, Magnum's key objective is to pursue tight integration between
OpenStack and the various Container Orchestration Engines (COE) such as
Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, and Apache Mesos. Therefore, I would suggest to give
priority to the features that will improve the integration in this regard.
In particular, I would emphasize the following features:

* Neutron integration: Currently, Flannel is the only supported network driver
  for providing connectivity between containers in different hosts. Flannel is
  mostly used for overlay networking, and it has significant performance
  overhead. In the Newton cycle, I would suggest we collaborate with the Kuryr
  team to develop a non-overlay network driver.
* Cinder integration: Magnum supports using Cinder volume for storing container
  images. We should add support for mounting Cinder volumes to containers as
  data volumes as well.
* Ironic integration: Add support for Ironic virt-driver to enable support for
  high-performance containers on baremetal servers. We identified this feature
  as a key feature in a few release cycles previously but unfortunately it
  hasn't been fully implemented yet.

In addition, I believe the items below are important and need attention in
the Newton cycle:

* Pluggable architecture: Refine the architecture to make it extensible. As a
  result, third-party vendors can plugin their own flavor of COEs.
* Quality assurance: Improve coverage of integration and unit tests.
* Documentation: Add missing documents and enhance existing documents.
* Remove hard dependency: Eliminate hard dependency on Barbican by implementing
  a functional equivalent replacement. Note that this is a technical debt [1]
  and should be clean up in Newton cycle.
* Horizon UI: Enhance our Horizon plugin.
* Grow the community: Attract new contributors to Magnum.

In the long term, I hope to work towards the goal of making OpenStack become
a compelling platform for hosting containerized applications. To achieve this
goal, we need to identify and develop unique capabilities that could
differentiate Magnum from its competitors, thus attracting users to move their
container workloads to OpenStack. As an initial start, below is a list
features that I believe we could explore. Please don't consider it as final
decisions and we will definitely debate each of them. Also, you are always
welcome to contribute your own list of requirements:

* Resource interconnection and orchestration: Support dynamically connecting
  COE-managed resources (i.e. a container) to OpenStack-managed resources
  (i.e. a Neutron network), thus providing the capabilities to link
  containerized applications to existing OpenStack infrastructure. By doing
  that, we enable orchestrations across COE-managed resources and
  OpenStack-managed resources through a Heat template.
* Integrated authentication system: Integrate COE authentication system with
  Keystone, thus eliminating the pain of handling multiple authentication
  mechanism.
* Standard APIs: Hide the heterogeneity of various COEs and expose a unified
  interface to manage resources of various kinds.

Thank you for considering my PTL candidacy.

[1] http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2015-July/069130.html
