Hi everyone,

I'm announcing my candidacy as ChefOpenStack PTL for the Liberty/Mitaka release.
In case you are wondering why I wrote 'Liberty/Mitaka' and not just 'Mitaka',
we are not directly coupled to the official release cycle and have just started
to work on our stable/liberty release and will continue this for a while until
we can start with Mitaka.

Since we moved to the big tent a couple of months ago, we have made some
significant
changes and adaptions in our workflow and are now beginning to get back to speed
with our main goals for Liberty and Mitaka.

During the Kilo cycle we have started to establish a full integration testing of
the OpenStack deployment with our cookbooks and the openstack-chef-repo to avoid
any conflicts which may arise from the complexity of handling multiple cookbook
repositories. We need to keep this as one of our focus points for the next
release cycles. Although these initial steps where already quite helpful, we are
still running into a lot of problems due to this mentioned complexity and
interdependency between our cookbooks and the cookbooks depended on in
these.

My main goal for the next release cycle is to reduce this complexity and start
the refactoring process for the most important cookbooks deploying the core
OpenStack services. One big part in this process will be the refactoring of the
service configuration templates and the reduction of partially redundant
attributes used and redefined in multiple cookbooks. To simplify the handling of
the cookbooks especially for new users, I also think it is necessary to
refactor our libraries and move them at least partially into light-weight
resources.

Apart from this big refactoring topic, I would like to shorten our release
cycles to get closer to the official release cycles and allow users to deploy
the current OpenStack release with our cookbooks as soon as the OpenStack
service projects release a newer version.

Last but not least, I think we need to start focussing on advertising the Chef
OpenStack project itself to get more of the users to contribute their adaptions
into the 'official' project instead of forking it. A big part in this process
will be the simplification of the process for new contributors. We might need a
better documentation, faster reviews or amazingly fluffy green unicorns here, 
but we definitely need to focus on this to get more people involved in the
project
as active contributors if we want to keep up with the constant changes and
especially all the new and interesting projects arising.

I have had the pleasure to be part of the Chef OpenStack project for
about 2 years as a contributor and have also been a core reviewer for over a
year now. I
would like to focus a bit more on some organisational tasks in this project and
continue some ideas I had during the last year as a core reviewer watching and
reading some very interesting suggestions and concepts from people using and
contributing to the project.

Thank you for your time and consideration,

    Jan Klare

irc: jklare
mail: j.klare@cloudbau.de
