I am writing to let you know I am running for a position on the TC.

Here is my candidacy statement for your review.

I am not your typical candidate, which is one reason that I am asking for your vote. I have a technical background,
with over a decade of software development experience. I have a marketing background, with over a decade of 
Technology, Product and Brand marketing experience. I have a business development background and have been 
an entrepreneur. I have been a product manager and a software planner. It is this combination of experiences 
that I have accumulated during my almost 35 years in the technology industry that I believe will enable me to 
provide unique value as a member of the TC.

I have been an active member in the community since 2013, working with Community teams to understand market-segment 
needs and/or barriers to their deployment of OpenStack and bringing that information to the Community in the form 
of specs, blueprints, prototypes and user stories (win the enterprise work group, enterprise work group, product 
work group). These teams have brought resources to develop these capabilities (one example is improving upgrade 
capabilities through versioned objects implementation) and have been able to close gaps resulting in expanding 
Enterprise deployments of OpenStack. 

As a TC member, I will work to support our success by utilizing my project/program management experience. 
Specifically, I will:
1) Tap the collective market knowledge within our Community to identify innovative capabilities that will define
the defacto cloud computing platform of the future.
2) Work to bring projects together to define and implement cross-project capabilities and initiatives.
3) Continue the development of a multi-release roadmap process.

I believe that a diverse Community will enable us to develop more innovative software that will meet the needs
of global markets. I work with both the Diversity Work Group and the Women of OpenStack to help strengthen the 
diversity of our Community. 

As cross-project coordination needs expand and concepts like big tent stretch our capabilities, I believe 
that my skill-sets, experiences, and values align well with the emerging needs within our community. 

I would appreciate the opportunity to further my contributions to our Community and thank you for your 
consideration.

Carol Barrett
