Greetings Stackers,

Some of you I know, some of you I'm meeting for the first time.

Through the last 3 years, since I got involved with OpenStack, I've
seen it grow and mature, and I want to make sure it continues to as we
all raise the bar on what we expect from the not so little cloud engine
that could.

I've been involved with some controversial projects, and been pleased
to watch our community handle most of the controversy by simply choosing
to make our developers' actions uncontroversial with the big tent. I aim
to continue this trend of being inclusive and supportive of the efforts
of everyone who wants to throw their hat in as an OpenStack project.

I intend to put users first, and operators second, with our beloved
developers third. I consider myself "all of the above", and I think that
should bring useful perspective to the TC. This isn't an area I think
OpenStack has failed in, but I believe it requires constant vigilance.

I do have a specific agenda for all of OpenStack, and which I will use
my TC seat to advance whenever possible:

- Streamline everything. There are parts of OpenStack that scale to
the moon, and parts that don't. I think OpenStack should try hard for
everything with the OpenStack moniker on it to put performance and
stability above all else.

- Measure efficiency. We don't necessarily measure how efficient OpenStack
is, or how much each change is affecting its efficiency. We have blog
posts, and anecdotes, but I want to have actual graphs that belong to
the community and show us if we're living up to our goals.

- Resiliency. Once we're streaminling things, and measuring our progress,
we should be able to separate performance problems for reliability
problems, and make OpenStack more resilient in general. This serves
users and operators alike, but it may be hard for developers. That's ok,
we like hard stuff, right?

- No sacred cows. I feel like sometimes the tech we have chosen is
either begrudgingly kept because there's nothing good enough to change,
or hallowed as "the way this works." I would like to challenge some of
those cows and see if we can't do a little bit of work toward streamlining
and resilience by challenging conventional wisdom.

I'm going to work on these things from outside the TC anyway. However,
with the added influence that a seat on the TC provides, I can certainly
work on these things even more.

Thank you for your time!

Clint Byrum
IBM
