Hi folks,

I'd like to propose my candidacy for the technical committee
elections.

I've been involved in OpenStack for around ~four~ years now, working
to help integrate it into various Yahoo! systems and infrastructure.
I've been involved with integration and creation (and maturation) of
many projects (and libraries); for example rpm and venv packaging (via
anvil), cloud-init (a related tool), doc8 (a doc checking tool),
taskflow (an oslo library), tooz (an oslo library), automaton (an oslo
library), kazoo (a dependent library) and more.

As mentioned above, my contributions to OpenStack have been at the
project and library level. My experience in oslo (a group of
folks that specialize in cross-project libraries and reduction of
duplication across projects) has helped me grow and gain knowledge
about how to work across various projects. Now I would like to help
OpenStack projects become ~more~ excellent technically. I'd like to
be able  to leverage (and share) the experience I have gained at
Yahoo! to help make OpenStack that much better (we have tens of
thousands of VMs and thousands of hypervisors, tens of
thousands of baremetal instances split across many clusters with
varying network topology and layout).

I'd like to join the TC to aid some of the on-going work that helps
overhaul pieces of OpenStack to make them more scalable, more fault
tolerant, and in all honesty more ~modern~. I believe we (as a TC)
need to perform ~more~ outreach to projects and provide more advice
and guidance with respect to which technologies will help them scale
in the long term (for example instead of reinventing service discovery
solutions and/or distributed locking, use other open source solutions
that provide it already in a battle-hardened manner) proactively
instead of reactively.

I believe some of this can be solved by trying to make sure the TC is
on-top of: https://review.openstack.org/#/q/status:open+project:openstack
/openstack-specs,n,z and ensuring proposed/accepted cross-project
initiatives do not linger. (I'd personally rather have a cross-project
spec be reviewed and marked as not applicable vs. having a spec
linger.)

In summary, I would like to focus on helping this outreach and
involvement become better (and yes some of that outreach goes beyond
the OpenStack community), helping get OpenStack projects onto scalable
solutions (where applicable) and help make OpenStack become a cloud
solution that can work well for all (instead of work well for small
clouds and not work so well for large ones). Of course on-going
efforts need to conclude (tags for example) first but I hope that as a
TC member I can help promote work on OpenStack that helps the long
term technical sustainability (at small and megascale) of OpenStack
become better.

TLDR; work on getting TC to get more involved with the technical
outreach of OpenStack; reduce focus on approving projects and tags
and hopefully work to help the focus become on the long term technical
sustainability of OpenStack (at small and megascale); using my own
experiences to help in this process //

Thanks for considering me,

Joshua Harlow

------

Yahoo!

http://stackalytics.com/report/users/harlowja
