Hello People!

I am tossing one of my hats into the ring to run for TC.  Yes, I believe you
could call me a "diversity candidate" as I'm not much of a developer any more,
but I think my skills would be a great addition to the excellent people who are
on the TC (past and present).

My background:  I am currently an architect with Huawei Technologies.  My role
is "OpenStack" and as such, I am liaison to many areas an groups in the
OpenStack community and I am liaison to Huawei engineers and management for the
OpenStack community.  I focus energy on all parts of Software products that
aren't directly writing code.  I am an advocate for quality, for effective and
efficient process, and for the downstream stakeholders (Ops, Apps developers,
Users, Support Engineers, Docs, Training, etc).  I am currently active in:
•   DefCore
•   RefStack
•   Product Working Group
•   Logging Working Group (cofounder)
•   Ops community
•   Peripherally, Tailgaters
•   Women of OpenStack
•   Diversity Working Group

What I would like to help the TC and the community with:
•   Interoperability across deployed clouds begins with cross project
communications and the realization that  each engineer and each project is
connected and influential in how the OpenStack ecosystem works, responds, and
grows. When OpenStack was young, there were two projects and everyone knew
each other, even if they didn't live in the same place.  Just as processes
become more formal when startups grow to be mid-sized companies, OpenStack
has formalized much as it has exploded in number of participants.  We need to
continue to transform Developer, Ops and other community lore into useful
documentation. We are at the point where we really need to focus our energies
and our intelligence on how to effectively span projects and communities via
better communications.  I'm already doing this to some extent.  I'd like to
help the TC do that to a greater extent.
•   In the past two years, I've seen the number of "horizontal" projects grow
almost as significantly as the "vertical" projects.  These cross functional
projects, with libraries, release, configuration management, docs, QA, etc.,
have also grown in importance in maintaining the quality and velocity of
development.  Again, cross-functional needs are being address, and I want to
help the TC be more proactive in identifying needs and seeding the teams with
senior OpenStack developers (and user community advisors where useful).
•   The TC is the conduit between, translator of and champion for the
developers to the OpenStack Board.  They have a huge responsibility and not
enough time, energy or resources to address all the challenges.  I am ready to
work on the challenges and help develop the strategic vision needed to keep on
top of the current and new opportunities always arising and always needing some
thoughtful analysis and action.

That said, I have my own challenges to address.  I know my company will support
me in my role as a TC member, but they will also demand more of my time,
opinions, presence and participation specifically because of the TC position.
I also am still struggling to make inroads on the logging issues I've been
attempting to wrangle into better shape.  I've gotten lots of support from the
community on this (thanks, folks, you know who you are;-), but it still gives
me pause for thought that I, myself need to keep working on my effectiveness.

Whether on the TC or not, I will continue to contribute as much as I can to the
community in the ways that I do best.  and you will continue to see me at the
summits, the midcycles, the meetups, the mailing lists and IRC (hopefully more
there as I'm trying to educate my company how they can provide us the access we
need without compromising their corporate rules).

Thank you for reading this far and considering me for service on the TC.

--Rocky
