Hi all,

It's that time again, where encumbent PTLs are supposed to write about what
features or changes they accomplished and what goals they have for the next
cycle.

I'm not going to do that this time.

Even you though you may have read similar things from others (either in this or
in previous cycles) I'm going to reiterate something. Contrary to being the
technical lead, OpenStack requires the PTL to do a whole slew of less glamorous
things (or delegate them to other people).

- launchpad monkey
- midcycle coordinator
- release coordinator 
- public speaker 
- cross project liaison 
- vendor buffer 
- cat wrangler

Historically, PTL meant "project technical lead", but as OpenStack grew, we /
the TC realized that it is more^D^D^D^Ddifferent than that, and so now the
acronym is defined as "project team lead" [0]. And that is much more
representative of the responsibilities a PTL has today. In short, being PTL and
the lead architect for a successful/sizable project at the same time == two
full time jobs.

Even before I was doing anything internal at HP, it seemed like my upstream
work was never done since I was trying to be both the team and tech leads for
Ironic. That said, it was also extremely rewarding to found this project and
exercise my social and organizational skills in building a community around it.
I could not be more satisfied with the results -- all of you make Ironic much
more awesome than I could have done alone. That's the point, after all :)

Last election cycle, I stepped down from the TC so that I could have more time
for my roles as tech and team lead, and to focus on some internal work (yup,
still three jobs). That other work, for better or for worse, took a greater tax
on me than I had anticipated, and my activity upstream has suffered (sorry!).
This has created room for many of the other core developers, who've been around
the project almost as long as I have, to come forward and fill in the gaps I
left in the project management. And that's really awesome. Thank you all.

I am thrilled that more of the project responsibilities are being handled by
Jim, Ruby, Chris, Lucas, and everyone else now. They are all leading different
areas in their own ways. As PTLs, each would bring a different viewpoint to the
project's day-to-day operations, and if they were to run, I would support all
of them (even though we disagree some times). Today, there are multiple people
who could run the project in my stead, and that makes me very happy.

If elected, I promise to continue enabling the core team to do more without my
direct involvement, to continue leading in the technical vision for the
project, and liaising with vendors and operators to ensure the project matures
in such a way that it meets their needs.

If you believe I've done a great job as PTL and want me to continue doing
what I've been doing, then please re-elect me. (*)

If you'd like to see a change of pace, please don't hesitate to elect another
PTL :)

Thank you, Devananda


(*) If you think I haven't done a great job as PTL, I invite you to tell me how
you think I could do better. For the sake of the election archives, please
don't reply to this email.

[0]
https://github.com/openstack/governance/commit/319fae1ea13775d16f865f886db0388e42cd0d1b
