Hi,

My name is Felipe Monteiro. I have decided to run for Murano PTL for the Pike
release cycle. I would like to continue to grow Murano in order to make the
project more stable, mature and performant, while exploring avenues to evolve
the project.

I’ve been working on the project for the past couple months. Working with
Murano is probably the most exciting thing I do professionally. When I first
joined OpenStack, I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of code, as well
as the complexity involved in how the various services interact. Thanks
to the welcoming culture surrounding Murano, I was immediately given help,
advice and guidance, which, after a couple months of persistence and hard work,
has enabled me to feel like a solid contributor within OpenStack.

Over the past couple months, I’ve been heavily invested in improving Murano’s
testing framework, in order to make the project more stable and more mature.
This has resulted in Murano and Murano Dashboard’s unit test coverage having
approximately doubled, as well as having various gaps in Murano Dashboard’s
functional testing filled via Selenium tests. I also regularly code review
other developers' work and take on the arduous task of editing Murano's
documentation, because, as a native speaker of English, I really have no excuse
but to help out in this regard.

I’m really excited to work with Murano further, and to grow the community
surrounding it. The more companies that contribute to Murano, the stronger the
community around it will be, capable of maintaining and enhancing Murano for
years to come. 

The main goals I’d like to focus on for Murano during Pike are:
 * Significantly improve Murano Tempest testing. This includes integrating
   Murano with a new OpenStack project called Patrole. Patrole, a Tempest
   plugin responsible for testing Role-Based Access Control, was spearheaded
   and founded by AT&T developers and contributors. Its purpose is to help
   harden the security underpinning various OpenStack services – Murano
   included. 
 * Significantly improve Murano documentation.
 * Improve Murano’s (particularly Murano Dashboard’s) integration with GLARE –
   there are a number of areas in the UI where GLARE is not supported.
   These areas should be fixed to provide users who use Murano and GLARE a
   better user experience.
 * Focus on addressing a number of outstanding bugs in Murano. These include
   adding SIGHUP signal support to Murano, support multiple rabbit hosts in
   RabbitMQ for Murano Agent, and addressing other UI bugs, like abandon
   environment hanging issues.

My personal ambition leads me to want to also tackle the following items:
 * Possibly integrate Murano with other OpenStack projects, including
   Ceilometer, Search Light, or Kolla-Kubernetes. 
 * Investigate multi-cloud support for Murano, so that it works with different
   cloud services including VMWare and Amazon.
 * Increase developer contribution in Murano through my own coding efforts,
   as well as through AT&T’s resources.

Thanks for taking the time to read through this roadmap and to consider my
candidacy. Regardless of the outcome, I'm excited to continue contributing
to Murano, be it code or code reviews.

Regards,

Felipe Monteiro