I would like to announce my candidacy for murano PTL

Those of you, who joined Murano during lastest couple of cycles probably bumped
into me on the IRC. And those of you, who have been with Murano for a long time
probably know me as an active reviewer/contributor and release manager for
Mitaka cycle. I hope this allows me to spare the introductions =)

Working on Murano and being part of Murano and larger OpenStack communities is
definitely the most engaging and exciting things I’ve ever done in my career.
I’m really excited to work with all the smart folks, who put their hard work
into making murano robust and mature OpenStack project as well as guiding the
newcomers and seeing new talents join our communities. I’m feeling lucky to
have the opportunity to dedicate my time and efforts to Murano as a PTL.

Here are a few topics I would like murano project to concentrate on during
Newton cycle:

Tighter integration with Glare and wider adoption of app versioning. We’ve had
murano-glare integration implemented in Kilo and in Newton I would like to see
Glare become the default storage option for murano application packages. This
would include glare-related integration jobs and closer communication with
glare community to track and reflect on changes, that are coming to glare
project. That is going to be one substantial step further to allow Murano apps
and more importantly Core Library be versioned and distributed in such manner.
Tighter integration with Community App Catalog. From the very beginning of the
Community App Catalog project I believed, that integration with it is essential
for Murano’s growth and further development. I’ve been working on implementing
a fully fledged API for Community App Catalog and plan to continue those
efforts. This should allow murano to replace current repository-based
integration with a more robust and mature API approach. Another important
integration point is the UIs of the murano-dashboard and app-catalog-ui. Seeing
those work and evolve together is something I’m keen to see.  Continue with
multi-region and multi-cloud efforts. In Mitaka cycle we’ve made it possible to
deploy murano environments into particular region of an OS cloud with Murano.
That’s a great start, but there is a long road ahead. We would need to add more
fine-grained control, allow deploying particular apps of the environment into
different regions, allow single app to spawn resources in different regions as
well as different clouds. We would need to add UI for this features. The road
ahead is long, yet exciting!  OSC client integration. I’ve been extremely happy
to serve as Outreachy mentor for Murano this cycle. We’ve managed to build a
foundation of an OSC plugin, which I believe should be turned into a full-grown
OSC integration and become the default CLI interface to Murano in Newton.
Finalise py3 transition. Not much to say here. We’ve done great job from not
supporting py3 in Liberty to having client and dashboard py3 compatible in
Mitaka. The finish line is just a few steps ahead and I’m intending to make
those steps in Newton.

I’m feeling that Murano as a project has gained some substantial momentum and
I’m excited to have the opportunity to push us forward.

Cheers, Kirill (kzaitsev)
