Hello everyone!

I would like to announce my candidacy for the Winstackers PTL election.

I have been involved in OpenStack since Havana, and even longer with Hyper-V
and Windows related technologies, and I have been the PTL of Winstackers for 3
cycles.

In the past cycle, our main focus has been adding features to the nova Hyper-V
driver (vNUMA support, setting boot order, Hyper-V OVS vif driver, FC support,
PCI passthrough support) and the Neutron Hyper-V Agent (QoS support,
trunked VLANs support).

We still a couple of pending features, waiting to be approved, which are
deferred to Pike, such as Hyper-V Shielded VMs, nested virtualization, boot
from ISO.

We have also made improvements on Hyper-V CI side, and have started upgrading
it to Hyper-V Server 2016. Currently, the nova Hyper-V CI is running with
Hyper-V Server 2016 compute nodes.

In the new cycle, there are a couple of things that I'd like us to achieve:

* Add SR-IOV support for Hyper-V in os-win and nova.

* Add support for Windows / Hyper-V Server 2016 new Network Controller and SDN
  solution in networking-hyperv. This is currently in progress, and it will
  help expand the supported network types of Hyper-V and the neutron-hyperv-agent
  (primarely VXLAN), and it will help add L3 networking / DVR support on
  Hyper-V compute nodes.

* Expand the list of tests run and the number of features tested by the Hyper-V
  CI. Some of the nova Hyper-V driver's features could not be tested by the
  Hyper-V CI, as those features were introduced in Hyper-V Server 2016 (
  e.g.: vNIC hotplug). As we are upgrading the compute nodes, those features
  become testable.

* Switching the Hyper-V nova and neutron CIs from using neutron-hyperv-agent to
  neutron-ovs-agent, in order to ensure the Hyper-V OVS support.

* Add documentation for previously added features.

* Last, but not least, merge as many of the remaining features and any new
  ones we'll submit upsteam.

These are the main goals I have in mind that I would like to accomplish during
the Pike cycle, among other minor goals. New goals and suggestions are welcome,
and can be proposed during the weekly Hyper-V meetings.

Thank you for your consideration,

Claudiu Belu
