I would like to continue as the Nova PTL, if you will have me.

I have enjoyed serving the Nova community over the last few years, and
I thank you for this last few months serving the community as PTL.
My employer assures me, that if elected, I can continue to make the
Nova PTL my full time job.

As a project, I feel we are starting to improve how we communicate our
existing mission and goals to new members of our community. We are sharing
more of "why" behind what we do, and where we are going. This alignment
is key to us welcoming to new members, and helping to quickly integrate
those people into our community, and is key to scaling out our community.

Now we have most of the infrastructure in place to evolve our API, we will
be able to focus on both supporting the ecosystem that is building up around
our API, and work on improving the user experience for those using our API.

I love the user focus of our community. We fight to make sure every thing
we do is helping all of our users. I hope to foster more of that as we
start the Feature Classification effort. Our recent step change in upgrades
show how we as a community are able to deliver on some of the hardest
capabilities that our users demand. Feature Classification should help us
work hard to clearly communicate how complete, how well tested and how well
documented that group of features are. Basically expanding the scope of the
hypervisor support matrix to include documentation and testing. This knowledge
should also help make it easier to communicate what areas of the codebase need
more attention.

We are still facing massive review bandwidth challenges. While we are doing
OK at keeping up the quality of the reviews, there are still lots of
potentially great fixes and features not able to merge.
Our effort to help subteams recommend patches to the core team, in a scalable
way, is starting to work. Our explicit mentoring of reviewers is starting to
help build a much better pipeline of reviewer, some of whom could soon join
nova-core. At the same time, we are better documenting our process, to help
stop important patches falling through the cracks, and making a big push to
encourage all contributors to spend more time doing code and spec reviews.

We have now better documented the scope of Nova, to help ensure we don't grow
any bigger. Our focus on key technical debt will help make it easier to
maintain and evolve what we have. While efforts such as adopting os-brick
and the ideas around the Neutron VIF library, are important so we can safely
and quickly adapt to changes in the projects we depend on.

Leading Nova is truly a team effort. Thank you all those who are stepping up
to take the lead in lots of different areas of the project. Without your help
we would not be able to have made it to where we are today. Long may this
sharing of responsibilities continue, and hopefully continue to expand.

Thank you for reading.

John Garbutt

IRC: johnthetubaguy
Principal Engineer at Rackspace
