This is my candidacy for PTL role in the Packaging-Rpm OpenStack team
for the Newton release cycle.

I’m working on creating, building, polishing and maintaining Linux packages for
OpenStack projects with  various dependencies for few years since IceHouse
launch. It allowed me to accumulate deep knowledge base about core OpenStack
functionality. My first project was Murano in the very early state of
development even before incubation. I successfully started to maintain Murano
project packages specifications for those period of time.
The main goal for the Packaging-Rpm project, as I see it, is to unify and
simplify approaches Linux package maintainers use in their work day by day.
It is very important that availability of publicly published and suitable for
different flavors of rpm based Linux distros package specifications makes
package building process untied with mainstream vendors.
I wish my experience as package maintainer could help developers all over the
world to make their work easier and more transparent with efficiency pushed to
higher level.
I’m very eager to make it happen and I’m going to dedicate a lot of my time and
efforts as Packaging-RPM’s PTL.


There are a few topics to concentrate on during Newton cycle:

Move forward to finish with already started initiative for initial filling of
projects’ templates for a common OpenStack dependencies like oslo,
python clients. This should create basis for further work and should unlock
development of package specification templates for core OpenStack projects.

Continue with development of automation tooling for packaging. Creation and
publishing package specifications for renderspec, pymod2pkg and openstack-macros
will makes maintenance easier for all who require to build and use these tools
from packages.

CI checks. At the present moment only SUSE was added it to the project.
This is not enough because it covers cases only for one vendor. Adding more 3rd
party CIs (Eg: Mirantis or Fedora/RDO) will improve tests and use-cases
coverage.


Regards, Igor Yozhikov (IgorYozhikov)
iyozhikov@mirantis.com
