Hello everyone,

I'm asking for the opportunity to continue to serve as the PTL of
Glance into the Pike cycle.

The Current State of Glance
---------------------------

This has been an interesting cycle.  We accomplished the community
goals and eventually merged Community Images (after a thorough and
extensive discussion of almost every aspect of the feature),
completing half of our Ocata priorities.  We also fixed some bugs and
implemented some lite specs.  As of this date, however, our Rolling
Upgrades priority is going to require a FFE, and there's not a chance
that we're going to merge anything related to Image Import.

That's kind of a mixed record to be running for re-election on, so I
figure I should explain what I learned and how I see things shaping up
for Pike if I continue as PTL.

The Glance Community
--------------------

First, I'd like to discuss the Glance Community.  There are several
contributors who are active, energetic, knowledgeable, and great to
work with.  There are some contributors who aren't quite so active,
but who attend meetings and help out occasionally reviewing the weekly
priority items.  Unfortunately, there are some current Glance cores
who don't currently fall into either of the above categories.

Before the Pike PTG, I'm going to ask people on the core list to
consult with their managers and determine whether they have sufficient
bandwidth to be effective core contributors to the project.  I was
hoping that people would naturally do this themselves, but that didn't
happen during Ocata ... primarily, I think, because it's an honor to
be a core contributor to an OpenStack project, and it's not easy to
face up to hanging up your stirrups, or turning in your badge and gun,
or whatever the appropriate metaphor is.  But for the success of the
project, I need an honest self-assessment from the current cores of
the amount of time they can commit to Glance.

(I didn't want to force the issue because, as is common with the core
contributors across all our projects, we're talking about high-quality
developers here, and I was hoping they'd be able to find more time to
work on Glance.  That was a mistake.  I'm mentioning it not to
embarrass any of the people I'm talking about, but rather as a point
of information to anyone reading this who will be a first-time PTL in
Pike.)

Anyway, my goal is to have the core team reconstituted before the Pike
PTG so that we'll have a better idea of what kind of bandwidth the
team will have in Pike.

I think this will cascade into a better overall Glance community
experience because there will be more participation in the weekly
meetings and on IRC, making the community feel more vibrant.  Further,
because those active people are currently reviewing all the time, we
haven't had as much bandwidth for bug triaging and bug smashing.  We
need to change that in Pike.  Plus, a larger group of active cores
will provide Glance with a bigger pool of PTL candidates for the
Queens cycle.

Glance Priorities for Pike
--------------------------

This is how I see things shaping up for Pike.

1. Image Import

Now I understand why my predecessors as PTL had such a hard time with
this.  The situation is that this is an extremely important feature
for the OpenStack community in general, but it's not really a priority
for anyone in particular.  Thus, it's been difficult to keep one or
two people, no matter how well-intentioned, working steadily on it
(and I don't exempt myself from this statement).

Since image import is an important feature for Glance, the entire team
needs to be working on it.  And we can make it a priority for everyone
by committing to *not* merge anything else (other than security bugs)
until image import is merged.  You can see how this is connected to my
discussion above about the core team.  I want all active cores to be
working on some part of this, and that way we are all accountable to
each other much more explicitly than we have been in previous cycles.

I'm not even going to enumerate anything else.  We'll work on the
"community goals", of course, but not until after image import has
been merged.  And we may have some more to do on the rolling
upgrades work.

We'll discuss other possible items at the PTG, but at this point I
don't want to look past image import.

Conclusion
----------

Well, that's my election platform.  I'd like to continue as Glance
PTL, and I've outlined above what my plans are for the Pike cycle.

Thank you for your consideration,
Brian Rosmaita
