This is my candidacy for PTL role in the TripleO team for the Pike cycle.

Leading TripleO team during Ocata was tremendous.  Together, we have moved
forward in how we design, develop, deploy and use TripleO.
Though Ocata cycle was too short and I have the motivation on continuing my role
of PTL for one more cycle.

There are some areas where I would like to keep improving:
- Continue to make progress on release management.
  During Ocata, we had a stronger policy than before where we did our best to
  set and respect milestones, spec and feature freeze. I would like to
  continue progress on this during Pike so it becomes something normal for the team.
- Keep pushing for more CI coverage and scenarios.
  We have been doing an incredible job by improving stabilization and coverage
  in our CI.  I would like to keep adding more services and more scenarios so we
  keep increasing the quality of TripleO.
- Facilitate the transition to tripleo-quickstart.
  We decided to use this tool during Ocata. In Pike, we'll switch our CI to use
  it.  We'll have to make it run smoothly without CI downtime.  It will require
  good communications and team-work.
- Scaling-up the team.
  We introduced the Squads during Ocata.  I would like to continue and see the
  Squads with more responsibility (Release management, bug triage etc).
  Also, I'll support the Squads to manage meetings on their topics as needed, as
  long it happens in the open.
  Finally, I think the Deep-Dive sessions are great and we need to keep
  leveraging them.  It helped newcomers and increases the share of knowledge
  within the team.
- Being a catalyst in OpenStack.
  TripleO might just be an installer, but it actually contributes to make OpenStack
  better as it helps other projects such as Puppet OpenStack modules, Heat,
  Mistral, Zaqar and more.  Also because we have a strong CI, we can report
  quick and valuable feedback to projects (e.g. Nova, Neutron, etc) when
  something doesn't work fine outside devstack.
  I would like to make sure TripleO keeps this position in OpenStack,
  so TripleO is a reference when deploying OpenStack in production.


Thank you for your consideration,


    Emilien Macchi
    https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/User:Emilienm
