I am announcing my candidacy for a seat on the OpenStack Technical
Committee. My name is Adrian Otto, and I've had the honor of
working on and with OpenStack since it was conceived. Since our
first Design Summit on July 13-16 2010, I have been thrilled to be
a part of our movement together. We have come a long way since
then, from a hopeful open source project with our friends at
Rackspace and NASA to a thriving global community that has set the
definitive standard for cloud software.

Over the past seven years, I have viewed OpenStack as my primary
pursuit. I love our community, and the way we embrace the “four
opens”. Along this journey, I have done my very best to push the
limits of our innovative spirit, and pursue new and exciting ways
of using software defined systems to make possible what we could
have only imagined when we started. I have served our community as
an innovator and as a PTL for the good part of the past 5 years. I
served as the founding PTL of OpenStack Solum, and pivoted to
become the founding PTL of OpenStack Magnum. I currently serve in
this role today. Each of these project pursuits were aimed at
making OpenStack technology more easily automated, more efficient,
and combining it with cutting edge new technologies.

I am now ready to embark on a wider mission. I’m prepared to
transition leadership of Magnum to my esteemed team members, and
pursue a role with the OpenStack TC to have an even more profound
impact on our future success. I have a unique perspective on
OpenStack governance, by repeatedly using our various processes and
applying our rules, guidelines, and values as they have evolved to
I deeply respect the OpenStack community, our TC, and their
respective membership. I look forward to serving in an expanded
role, and helping to make OpenStack even better than it is today.
I will support efforts to:

1) Make OpenStack a leading platform for running the next generation
of cloud native applications. This means making sensible and secure
ways of allowing our data plane and control plane systems to
integrate. For example, OpenStack should be just as good at
running container workloads as it is for running bare metal and
virtualized ones. Our applications should be able to self heal,
scale, and dynamically interact with our clouds in a way that’s
safe and effective.

2) Expand our support for languages beyond Python. Over the past
year, our TC has taken productive steps in this direction, and I
would like to further advance this work so that we can introduce
software written in other languages, such as Golang, in a way
that’s supportable and appropriate for our community’s growing
needs.

3) Advocate for inclusivity and diversity, not only for software
languages but for contributors from all corners of the Earth. I
feel it’s important to consider perspectives from various
geographies, cultures, and of course from each gender. I want to
maintain a welcoming destination where both novice and veteran
contributors will thrive.

4) Continue our current work on our “One Platform” pursuit, and help
to refine which of our teams should remain in openstack, and which
should not. I will also work to contribute to documenting our
culture and systems and clearly defining “how we work”. For an
example of this, see how we recently did this within the Magnum
team [1]. We can borrow from these ideas and re-use the ones that
are generally useful. This reference should give you a sense of
what we can accomplish together.

I respectfully ask for your vote and support to pursue this next
ambition, and I look forward to the honor of serving you well.

Thanks,

Adrian Otto

[1] https://docs.openstack.org/developer/magnum/policies.html
