Hi everyone,

I am announcing my candidacy for a position on the OpenStack Technical
Committee. For those who don't know me yet, I work for the OpenStack
Foundation, and I've been serving on the Technical Committee as its
chair since it was created. Beyond coordinating the TC activities, upstream
my focus is mainly on Release Management.

I'd like to use my candidacy email to explain the role of the Technical
Committee, what we did over the past year and what would be my focus if
you'd have me for one more year. The Technical Committee fills a number
of tasks:

1. Serving its constituency

The Technical Committee handles communications and interactions with other
parts of OpenStack community and governance, like the Board of Directors or
the User Committee. It also acts as a governance safety valve, providing a
final decision-making mechanism for upstream development. Finally, it is
responsible for ensuring we have an inclusive and welcoming environment for
open collaboration.

I think we made great improvements over the last year in this area. The
relationships with the Board and User Committee improved a lot, and we are
collaborating on strategic improvements for OpenStack in common workgroups
now. Also the TC was not used that much over the last year to make final
calls or resolve disputes, which is a good thing and shows that our governance
model works. We have a number of challenges ahead in terms of inclusivity, in
particular to better support part-time contributors and Asian contributors,
where timezones, language and cultural difference might get in the way. If
elected, I intend to work to evolve how we operate to be more welcoming of
those groups.

2. Defining which teams are part of OpenStack and which are not

Another big part of what the Technical Committee does is to define the list
of "official" project teams whose deliverables are considered a component of
"OpenStack". That means evaluating new team applications as they come, but
also refining the limit between "in" and "out" of OpenStack official projects.
That includes interesting discussions about how far up the stack we should go,
but also more difficult discussions about removing dead efforts or cutting
down areas that hurt us strategically. We also constantly need to balance
our community's integrity/principles with reality: in terms of supporting
new programming languages like Golang, but also in terms of open collaboration
(should driver teams be considered as official or 3rd-party teams ?).

Over the last year we managed to tackle a large number of those questions.
We refined the process for adding programming languages, finally opening the
door for Golang projects in OpenStack. We more aggressively removed projects,
and just started the discussion on our first "strategic" removal (the Community
App Catalog). Significant change takes time, so most of those discussions are
still in progress. If elected, I look forward to completing those discussions,
and together with the Board and User Committee produce maps of the OpenStack
universe that will make it clearer what OpenStack is (an open infrastructure
framework that you can deploy in various ways) and what it is not.

3. Considering OpenStack as "one platform" and influencing its direction

An increasingly important task of the Technical Committee is to take a step
back and look at OpenStack as a whole. While it is made up of several
components, OpenStack is "one platform" for open infrastructure. We should
make sure that OpenStack components are easy to operate together, and behave
in a consistent way as much as possible. We should /also/ make sure that it
is easy to plug other infrastructure solutions on an OpenStack base, or to
integrate OpenStack components in other software stacks where they make sense.

Over the past year we introduced "release goals" as a means to make progress
in the same direction together, and as a means to reach base levels of
functionality and consistency across the stack. I personally participated in
the Architecture workgroup, and pushed the idea of "base services" (which all
components can assume will always be present in an "OpenStack" installation,
and therefore can depend on them being present). This should hopefully help us
reach the next step in terms of scaling and performance, by adopting mature
external solutions rather than forcing us to reinvent the wheel locally. If
I'm elected, I intend to pursue those initiatives.

4. Documenting existing culture and systems

The final task of the Technical Committee is to produce clear documentation
about what we mean by "the OpenStack Way" or "being one of us". There is a lot
of unwritten shared understandings in OpenStack, but without anyone to write
it down, it's hard for new members of our community to absorb that culture and
internalize it.

This was a major focus for the Technical Committee over the past year.
In particular we documented the "OpenStack principles", and started creating
a clear vision for the next two years of the Technical Committee. If elected,
I intend to continue working on that vision to further explain and clarify
the direction we are going to.


Thanks for reading so far. I hope this candidacy email clarifies a bit what
the role of the Technical Committee is, what the current membership achieved
over the past year, and what would be my focus, if elected, for the coming
year.

Thank you for your consideration!

--
Thierry Carrez
