Hello OpenStack Community,

I write this to submit my candidacy for the Neutron PTL position during the
Rocky cycle. I had the privilege of being the project's PTL for most of the
Queens release series and want to have another opportunity helping the team and
the community to deliver more and better networking  functionality.

I have worked for the technology industry 37+ years. After many years in
management, I decided to return to the "Light Side of the Force", the technical
path, and during the San Diego Summit in 2012 told the Neutron (Quantum at the
time) PTL that one day I wanted to be a member of the core team. He and the
team welcomed me and that started the best period of my career, not only for
the never ending learning experiences, but more importantly, for the many
talented women and men that I have met along the way. Over these past few years
I worked for Rackspace, helping them to deploy and operate Neutron in their
public cloud, IBM in their Linux Technology Center, and currently for Huawei,
as their Neutron upstream development lead.

During the Queens release the team made significant progress in the following
fronts:

* Continued with the adoption of Oslo Versioned Objects in the DB layer
* Implemented QoS rate limits for floating IPs
* Delivered the FWaaS V2.0 API
* Concluded the implementation of the logging API for security groups, which
  implements a way to capture and store events related to security groups.
* Continued moving externally referenced items to neutron-lib and adopting them
  in Neutron and the Stadium projects
* Welcomed VPNaaS back into the Stadium after the team put it back in shape
* Improved team processes such as having a pre-defined weekly schedule for team
  members to act as bug triagers, gave W+ to additional core members in
  neutron-lib and re-scheduled the Neutron drivers meeting on alternate days
  and hours to enable attendance of more people across different time zones

Some of the goals that I propose for the team to pursue during the Rocky cycle
are:

* Finish the implementation of multiple port binding to solve the migration
  between VIF types in a generic way so operators can switch easily between
  backends. This is a joint effort with the Nova team
* Implement QoS minimum bandwidth allocation in the Placement API to support
  scheduling of instances based on the network bandwidth available in hosts.
  This is another joint effort with the Nova team
* Synchronize the adoption of the DB layer engine facade with the adoption of
  Oslo Versioned Objects to avoid situations where they don't cooperate nicely
* Implement port forwarding based on floating IPs
* Continue moving externally referenced items to neutron-lib and adopting them
  in Neutron and the Stadium projects. Finish documenting extensions in the API
  reference. Start the move of generic DB functionality to the library
* Expand the work done with the logging API in security groups to FWaaS v2.0
* Continue efforts in expanding our team and making its work easier. While we
  had some success during Queens, this is an area where we need to maintain our
  focus

Thank you for your consideration and for taking the time to read this

Miguel Lavalle (mlavalle)
