Hi TripleO,

My name is Dan Prince and I'm running for the Mitaka TripleO PTL. I've
been working on TripleO since Grizzly and OpenStack since Bexar. I care
deeply about the project and would like to continue the vision of
deploying OpenStack w/ OpenStack.

TripleO has come a long way over the past few years. I like how the
early vision within the project set the stage for how you can deploy
OpenStack with OpenStack. I also like how we are continuing to transform
the OpenStack deployment landscape by using OpenStack, with all its API
goodness, alongside great technologies like Puppet and Docker. Using the
best with the best... that is why I like TripleO.

A couple of areas I'd like to see us focus on for Mitaka:

CI: The ability to land code upstream is critical right now. We need to
continue to refine our CI workflow so that it is both faster, more
reliable, and gives us more coverage.

Upgrades: Perhaps one of the most important areas of focus is around
upgrades. We've made some progress towards minor updates but we've got
plenty of work to be able to support minor updates and full upgrades.

Composibility: Better composability within the Heat templates would make
the 3rd party integration even easier and also give us better and more
flexible role flexibility. Role flexibility in particular may become
more desirable as we take steps towards supporting a more containerized
deployment model.

Validations: The extensibility of our low level network infrastructure
is very flexible. But it isn't easy to configure. I would like to see us
continue adding validations at key points to make this easier.
Additionally validations are critical for integration with any sort of
external resource like a Ceph cluster or load balancers.

Features: New network features like IPv6 support and better support for
spine/leaf deployment topoligies. We are also refining how Tuskar works
with Heat and continuing to refine Tuskar UI around a common library
that can better leverage the installation workflows OpenStack requires.

Lots of exciting stuff to work on and a great team of developers who are
driving many of these goals. As PTL I would be honored to help organize
and drive forward the efforts of the team where needed.

Thanks for your consideration.

Dan Prince
