Once more before the mast! I'm running for reelection to a third
term as Infrastructure PTL. In my four years as a core reviewer and
root sysadmin for OpenStack's community-maintained project
infrastructure, I've strived to uphold the principles of open
collaboration and welcoming participation which define our team.

    https://wiki.openstack.org/user:fungi

As in the past, I intend to continue making sure that our community
has a wealth of free and open tools available to ease contribution
of all kinds and increase the velocity of innovation under
OpenStack's mission. I want to make sure that our success can be
held high as an example of how interested individuals and companies
can come together to create and improve a commons of benefit not
only to themselves, but to all.

I like to use this time to reflect on major efforts we've undertaken
over the current development cycle, as we do so much that we often
forget the magnitude of our accomplishments: We increased the size
of our infra-root sysadmin team again, further improving our
coverage in EMEA and APAC timezones. We more than doubled the
quantity of donations for server resources available to run CI jobs.
We replaced nearly all our servers, upgrading them to a more recent
operating system release. We finished removing Jenkins from our CI
toolchain, significantly altering the way jobs are dispatched and
increasing our overall CI efficiency as a result. We remotely built
a working OpenStack deployment from donated hardware using
openly-maintained automation and configuration management, and are
starting to use it to augment our available test resources. We
introduced a mechanism by which projects can declare system software
dependencies to their developers, and now leverage this to install
required packages at job run-time. We added several new Linux
distributions to our AFS-backed package mirror CDN. We now have
cryptographic signatures accompanying release tarballs generated by
our automation. Storyboard is becoming increasingly usable, and
stories/tasks can now reflect updates from associated Gerrit
changes. Our jobs and toolchain have been updated to support a new
LTS distro version for testing Newton. And these are just the tip of
the iceberg... there's so much more I'm probably still forgetting!

The above accomplishments are not mine to claim, but when we work
together as a team and as a community we all benefit from one
another. I spent the cycle attempting to pair willing volunteers
with tasks that piqued their interests and challenged their skills,
bringing increased visibility to the needs of under-served corners
of the community and less actively maintained software in our
toolchain, and throwing myself into those unexciting sorts of tasks
that don't find sufficient volunteers but still needed to get done.
If this is what you want out of a team lead, I'm happy to do it
again!
