Hello everyone,

I would like to announce my candidacy for PTL of the OpenStack-Ansible project
for Ocata.

I have been involved in OpenStack-Ansible since its inception, and have been a
part of the continual growth and improvements that have happened since its
foundation. During this time, OpenStack-Ansible has transformed from a project
where the main aim was new features and role growth, to a project where the key
goal is stability and manageability. This is supported by new and diverse
contributors recognizing this move towards maturity and getting involved to help
the project grow.

I view this move towards stability and manageability as key to the success of
OpenStack-Ansible long term. With that in mind, and with Ocata being a shorter
cycle, I'd like to have a stronger focus on 2 main areas, that will increase
stability and manageability:

1. Testing standardization

   During Newton we have built momentum around testing, and I'd like to focus
   on keeping that momentum going. The implementation and adoption of the single
   'openstack-ansible-tests' repository is key to this. It will allow us to 
   efficiently ramp up tests for different scenarios, and standardize the way in
   which we perform testing on our repositories. The standard framework that
   this approach creates will help with the implementation of new projects
   within OpenStack-Ansible, and reduce code duplication.

2. Upgrade process

   I'd like to analyse the current deployment process and look to improve its
   efficiency. I believe we can improve this by creating a clearer separation
   between the build, deploy and configuration phases. This has good
   connotations for how we upgrade deployments, and potentially leads to a more
   repeatable and reliable upgrade procedure that can be adopted by all
   operators and deployers of OpenStack-Ansible.

Alongside these two strong focus points, I would like to continually work
towards maintaining a high level of community efforts around documentation,
the Ansible 2.x implementation work, uwsgi implementation, amongst other
important initiatives that the community are driving.

I look forward to working with everybody to continue to improve this project,
and I'm excited to have the opportunity to lead this dynamic community to a more
stable and manageable future.

Andy (@andymccr)
