Hi everyone, this is my announcement to run for Nova PTL in the Newton cycle.

First off, I see the Nova PTL role as a service position to the rest of the
team. The job of the PTL is to organize the release schedule, help people
coordinate and do a lot of the administrative work with the release team and
other project teams to try and keep things as smooth as possible for developers
to do what they do best, with as little distraction as possible. Given Nova's
maturity and existing strong technical development team, I see the PTL now as
less of a technical overlord and as more of a manager, and that's how I'd try
to work.

I've noticed more sub-teams organizing within Nova in the last cycle or two and
really want to continue to foster that model. For example, there were dedicated
sub-teams around priorities like cells v2, live migration, notifications and
the scheduler. Those sub-teams were holding regular meetings and bringing forth
issues and status to the broader team as necessary. I think this makes those
priority efforts more productive since we work better when focused for shorter
periods of time on specific goals.

John did a great job of fostering others to own parts of the work via CPLs,
the bug triage team, and bringing up potential nova core additions. I want to
continue that work since I think having different people in these roles helps
them grow within the project and the community. I'd like to also get Nova more
involved with the operator community, which probably starts with a CPL
attending the operator meeting and bringing back news to the Nova team. It
amazes me how much we still generally work in silos and don't effectively
communicate issues across groups of teams and I want to make that better.

Which brings me to my main focus for Newton, which is cross-project priorities.
There are several items that need to make progress in Newton to move not only
Nova but other projects forward. These include:

* Get-me-a-network (Nova/Neutron)
* os-vif integration (Nova/Neutron)
* os-brick + privsep integration (Nova/Cinder)
* Volume multiattach (Nova/Cinder)
* Glance v2 integration (Nova/Glance)

We also have to continue moving forward with Cells V2 and the scheduler /
resource tracker work. We already have sub-teams/owners for a few of these
items but some are going to require renewed focus, and as PTL I'd be working
with other projects on setting up plans/goals on how to accomplish these in
Newton and then communicating those back to the broader team so we can all be
on the same page. I loved seeing the status updates in the mailing list toward
the end of Mitaka and want to continue seeing that type of communication.

We need to do _something_ about the release scheduling for blueprints, meaning
priority and non-priority, and also having time at the end to stabilize and get
bugs fixed. We spend a lot of time reviewing specs (like most of the first
milestone), then non-priority features, and finally trying to sprint on the
things we said were priorities but we for some reason schedule to work on at
the end of the release, when everyone is tired and time is short to make big
changes if necessary. I think we need to flip that somehow so that priorities
actually get treated like priorities early in the cycle and have focused effort
by the core team.

And last but not least, QA is always a special focus of mine because if the
gate is busted or we're landing busted code for a lack of testing, it doesn't
really matter what else we do. That's why we need to get a Ceph job back voting
reliably on Nova (and Cinder/Glance), along with a trunk libvirt job we've been
talking about since Kilo - which will also feed into a dedicated live migration
job. So as PTL those would be things I'd want to help move forward.

If you've made it through all of this, thanks and congratulations! Regardless
of the election I plan to do my best to serve the project and the people
working on it in Newton.

Thanks,

Matt Riedemann