Hey OpenStack Community,

I would like to submit my name for Cinder PTL for the Queens release.

For those of you who may not know me, I have been active in OpenStack since
early 2013.  Soon after starting with the community I started working with
the Cinder Team and was nominated for Core Team Member status shortly after that.

My Cinder Career has had high points like the Cheesecake vs Tiramisu naming
and had low points like the famous Wifi Fiasco of 2015.  I have been
fortunate enough while working with Cinder to achieve Stable Core status, been
able to serve as the Oslo Liaison and now most recently I am also serving as the
Documentation Liaison.  So, I do see a wide swath of the project.

We have been blessed, as a project, with great leadership over the years and I
would be honored to continue in that tradition.  I have worked closely with
Sean McGinnis during his time as PTL and feel that I could come up to speed
in the role quickly given that experience.  I also am very fortunate, as the
Cloud Storage Lead for Lenovo’s Cloud Technology Center to be in a position
and have support to make time for the PTL role.

I feel that the Cinder project is currently entering a new era and faces a
number of challenges in the coming releases.  Many of our seasoned members
have been pulled to other priorities and in response to that I want to
continue to make it easier to bring new people into the Cinder team.  I
have been active in the Upstream Institute training and have created the
On-Boarding content that is currently available for Cinder.  Both of
these are resources I hope we can continue to grow to facilitate bringing
new members into the team.  My current focus on documentation will also,
hopefully, make it easier for everyone to work with and contribute to Cinder.

Cinder has gone through a number of releases trying to add new features.
While some new features do deserve more attention, like Standalone Cinder,
HA and integration with Containers, I feel our focus is changing.  Now we
have started to swing towards focusing on fixing Cinder and making it more
stable and user friendly.  This is a trend I would like to see continue
during the next release.

Thank you for taking the time to consider me for Queens PTL.  I hope I
may have the opportunity to lead this great and talented team!

Jay Bryant (jungleboyj)
