I would like to propose my candidacy for the Neutron PTL.

I have been contributing to Neutron since the Havana development
cycle working for a network vendor and then a distribution vendor.
I have been a core reviewer since the Kilo development cycle and
I am on the Neutron stable maintenance team as well as the drivers
team.


I have a few priorities that I would focus on as PTL:

* Cleanup and simplification of the existing code: In addition to
  supporting the ongoing work of converting all data access into
  OVO models, I would like the community to continue breaking down
  code using the callback event system. We should eliminate as many
  extension-specific mixins and special-cases from the core as
  possible so it becomes very easy to reason about and stable from
  a code-churn perspective. This approach forces us to add
  appropriate event notifications to the core to build service plugins
  and drivers out of tree without requiriing modifications to the core.
* Reinstating VPNaaS: this project accomplishes its goals reasonably
  well and it solves a clear use case. There has been enough interest
  from contributors on the mailing list that we should be able to find
  enough resources to at least keep it maintained even if no large
  features are added.
* Switch to Pecan and eliminate old API code: we have been working on
  the new Pecan rewrite for several cycles now. With the current patches
  open for review, we have parity with the existing API and it should be
  safe to switch.
* Enhance DVR to solve additional use cases requested by the community:
  I would like us to enable SNAT at the compute nodes for cases where
  consumption of IPs for each compute ndoe from the external network
  is not a concern. I would also like us to allow the central node to
  provide floating IP translations for ports unserviced by DVR local
  nodes (e.g. unbound ports, baremetal ports, ports on compute nodes
  not attached directly to the external network).
* Bring on new core reviewers: we suffered from attrition of our core team
  during this last cycle due to some fundamental changes at a few of the major
  contributing companies. We have several strong contributors that I would
  like to see take on a core reviewer role so we can keep our review backlog
  under control.
* Support services being built on Neutron: whether it's BGPVPN, Kuryr, SFC,
  Octavia, Ironic, or whatever else, I want Neutron to provide the building
  blocks and primitives necessary to fulfill the needs of these projects.
  This means supporting initiatives like neutron-lib, agent extensions, and
  future API enhancements to provide more control over core resource behavior.
* Add tooling to keep the review backlog under control: I would like to
  look into a bot that can harass us in the channel if a patch sits for too
  long without feedback. I want to avoid having patches sit in our queue for
  months at a time because it results in fixes falling through the cracks.


Cheers,
Kevin Benton (kevinbenton)
