I would like to announce my candidacy for PTL of the OpenStack-Ansible project
for Pike.

As a community, we achieved a lot during this short cycle and I would like to
continue this momentum into the Pike cycle. I’m motivated to keep working to
improve the stability and usability of the project, and to continue to work with
this great community.

During the Ocata cycle we achieved on the goals of standardizing testing
further, adding upgrade testing, and starting the work to separate out the
stages of the deployment. This serves as a great point to innovate further and
improve the way in which we do upgrades and deployments. I’d also like to
highlight the great work that happened to add CentOS 7 support, and tested Ceph
integration.

This cycle I would like to focus on standardization within the roles, as well as
improving the manageability of the project as a whole. The following are some
specific items that I believe will help us to align with these focus points:

1. Standardize deployments of API services.
   By utilizing a web server (Apache or NGINX) we can deploy API services
   in a uniform way. This will allow us to be flexible with regards to IPv6 and
   SSL integration (at the API server layer), whilst ensuring that all roles can
   implement this in the same way. Additionally, we can adopt a mature upstream
   role, for the web server, which will reduce our code footprint.

2. Reduce the templated files we carry.
   Several template files that are carried (specifically policy.json files) can
   be retrieved from the upstream repositories, and still apply the
   "config_overrides" for those files. This will reduce the need to mirror
   upstream changes to static files, and ensure we are running the appropriate
   version of the file for the specific release.

3. Closer integration with upstream projects.
   Deployment projects carry their own challenges each cycle - we need to ensure
   we further the project itself, whilst staying up to date with changes made
   in upstream projects. We've done reasonable job of this, but it is often
   inconsistent because we have no process or initiative around this. We
   discussed briefly at the summit around having a tighter coupling of community
   member to specific upstream project. I'd like to trial this during the Pike
   cycle, with the aim being to improve the overall quality and consistency of
   the roles, whilst keeping up to date with upstream changes.

I look forward to working with everybody through the Pike cycle!

Thanks again,
Andy McCrae

IRC: andymccr
